the rock is destin to be the 21st centuri 's new `` conan '' and that he 's go to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegg , jean-claud van damm or steven segal .
the gorgeous elabor continu of `` the lord of the ring '' trilog is so huge that a column of word can not adequ describ co-writer\/director peter jackson 's expand vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth .
effect but too-tepid biopic
if you sometim like to go to the movi to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start .
emerg as someth rare , an issu movi that 's so honest and keen observ that it doe n't feel like one .
the film provid some great insight into the neurot mindset of all comic -- even those who have reach the absolut top of the game .
offer that rare combin of entertain and educ .
perhap no pictur ever made has more liter show that the road to hell is pave with good intent .
steer turn in a snappi screenplay that curl at the edg it 's so clever you want to hate it .
but he somehow pull it off .
take care of my cat offer a refresh differ slice of asian cinema .
this is a film well worth see , talk and sing head and all .
what realli surpris about wisegirl is it low-key qualiti and genuin tender .
-lrb- wendigo is -rrb- whi we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
one of the greatest family-ori , fantasy-adventur movi ever .
ultim , it ponder the reason we need stori so much .
an utter compel ` who wrote it ' in which the reput of the most famous author who ever live come into question .
illumin if over talki documentari .
a masterpiec four year in the make .
the movi 's ripe , enraptur beauti will tempt those will to probe it inscrut mysteri .
offer a breath of the fresh air of true sophist .
a thought , provoc , insist human film .
with a cast that includ some of the top actor work in independ film , love & amaz involv us becaus it is so incis , so bleak amus about how we go about our live .
a disturb and frighten evoc assembl of imageri and hypnot music compos by philip glass .
not for everyon , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departur from standard moviego fare .
score a few point for do what it doe with a dedic and good-heart profession .
occasion melodramat , it 's also extrem effect .
an idealist love stori that bring out the latent 15-year-old romant in everyon .
at about 95 minut , treasur planet maintain a brisk pace as it race through the familiar stori .
howev , it lack grandeur and that epic qualiti often associ with stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier disney effort .
it help that lil bow wow ... tone down his pint-siz gangsta act to play someon who resembl a real kid .
guarante to move anyon who ever shook , rattl , or roll .
a master film from a master filmmak , uniqu in it decept grim , compel in it fatalist worldview .
light , cute and forgett .
if there 's a way to effect teach kid about the danger of drug , i think it 's in project like the -lrb- unfortun r-rat -rrb- paid .
while it would be easi to give crush the new titl of two wed and a funer , it 's a far more thought film than ani slice of hugh grant whimsi .
though everyth might be liter and smart , it never took off and alway seem static .
cantet perfect captur the hotel lobbi , two-lan highway , and roadsid cafe that permeat vincent 's day
ms. fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooki in her sulki , calcul lolita turn .
though it is by no mean his best work , laissez-pass is a distinguish and distinct effort by a bona-fid master , a fascin film replet with reward to be had by all will to make the effort to reap them .
like most bond outing in recent year , some of the stunt are so outlandish that they border on be cartoonlik .
a heavi relianc on cgi technolog is begin to creep into the seri .
newton draw our attent like a magnet , and act circl around her better known co-star , mark wahlberg .
the stori lose it bite in a last-minut happi end that 's even less plausibl than the rest of the pictur .
much of the way , though , this is a refresh novel ride .
fuller would sure have call this gutsi and at time exhilar movi a great yarn .
the film make a strong case for the import of the musician in creat the motown sound .
karmen move like rhythm itself , her lip chant to the beat , her long , braid hair do littl to wipe away the jewel bead of sweat .
gosl provid an amaz perform that dwarf everyth els in the film .
a real movi , about real peopl , that give us a rare glimps into a cultur most of us do n't know .
tender yet lacer and dark funni fabl .
may be spoof an easi target -- those old ' 50 's giant creatur featur -- but ... it acknowledg and celebr their cheesi as the reason whi peopl get a kick out of watch them today .
an engag overview of johnson 's eccentr career .
in it rag , cheap and unassum way , the movi work .
some actor have so much charisma that you 'd be happi to listen to them read the phone book .
hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeabl actor .
sandra nettelbeck beauti orchestr the transform of the chilli , neurot , and self-absorb martha as her heart begin to open .
behind the snow game and lovabl siberian huski -lrb- plus one sheep dog -rrb- , the pictur host a parka-wrap dose of heart .
everytim you think undercov brother has run out of steam , it find a new way to surpris and amus .
manag to be origin , even though it rip off mani of it idea .
singer\/compos bryan adam contribut a slew of song -- a few potenti hit , a few more simpli intrus to the stori -- but the whole packag certain captur the intend , er , spirit of the piec .
you 'd think by now america would have had enough of plucki british eccentr with heart of gold .
yet the act is still charm here .
whether or not you re enlighten by ani of derrida 's lectur on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeni fascin and play fellow .
a pleasant enough movi , held togeth by skill ensembl actor .
this is the best american movi about troubl teen sinc 1998 's whatev .
disney has alway been hit-or-miss when bring belov kid ' book to the screen ... tuck everlast is a littl of both .
just the labour involv in creat the layer rich of the imageri in this chiaroscuro of mad and light is astonish .
the anim subplot keen depict the inner struggl of our adolesc hero - insecur , uncontrol , and intens .
the invinc werner herzog is aliv and well and live in la
morton is a great actress portray a complex charact , but morvern callar grow less compel the farther it meander from it shock start .
part of the charm of satin roug is that it avoid the obvious with humour and light .
son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but come replet with a flatter sens of mysteri and quiet .
a simmer psycholog drama in which the burst of sudden violenc are all the more startl for the slow buildup that has preced them .
a taut , intellig psycholog drama .
a truli move experi , and a perfect exampl of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarifi , and comfort .
this delic observ stori , deepli felt and master styliz , is a triumph for it maverick director .
at heart the movi is a deft wrought suspens yarn whose richer shade work as color rather than substanc .
the appear of treebeard and gollum 's expand role will either have you love what you re see , or roll your eye .
i love it !
gollum 's ` perform ' is incred !
a screenplay more ingeni construct than `` memento ''
if this movi were a book , it would be a page-turn , you ca n't wait to see what happen next .
hanek challeng us to confront the realiti of sexual aberr .
absorb and disturb -- perhap more disturb than origin intend -- but a littl clariti would have gone a long way .
it 's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best pictur contend should be measur .
pain to watch , but viewer will to take a chanc will be reward with two of the year 's most accomplish and rivet film perform .
this is a startl film that give you a fascin , albeit depress view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border .
a few artsi flourish asid , narc is as gritti as a movi get these day .
while the isl is both preposter and thorough misogynist , it vista are incred beauti to look at .
togeth , tok and o orchestr a buoyant , dark funni danc of death .
in the process , they demonstr that there 's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .
director kapur is a filmmak with a real flair for epic landscap and adventur , and this is a better film than his earlier english-languag movi , the overprais elizabeth .
the movi is a blast of educ energi , as bounci anim and catchi song escort you through the entir 85 minut .
a sport movi with action that 's excit on the field and a stori you care about off it .
doug liman , the director of bourn , direct the traffic well , get a nice wintri look from his locat , absorb us with the movi 's spycraft and use damon 's abil to be focus and sincer .
the tender of the piec is still intact .
katz use archiv footag , horrifi document of lynch , still photograph and charm old reel-to-reel record of meeropol entertain his children to creat his song histori , but most power of all is the song itself
like the film 's almost anthropolog detail realize of earli - 80s suburbia , it 's signific without be overst .
while mcfarlan 's anim lift the film firm abov the level of other coming-of-ag film ... it 's also so jar that it 's hard to get back into the boy ' stori .
if noth els , this movi introduc a promis , unusu kind of psycholog horror .
in a normal screen process , these bromid would be bare enough to sustain an interstiti program on the discoveri channel .
but in imax 3-d , the clich disappear into the vertigin perspect open up by the photographi .
writer-director burger imagin fan the ember of a dormant nation grief and curios that has calcifi into chronic cynic and fear .
... a roller-coast ride of a movi
i enjoy time of favor while i was watch it , but i was surpris at how quick it fade from my memori .
chicago is sophist , brash , sardon , complet joy in it execut .
steve irwin 's method is ernest hemmingway at acceler speed and volum .
a refresh korean film about five femal high school friend who face an uphil battl when they tri to take their relationship into deeper water .
on the surfac , it 's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz 's and kieslowski 's earlier work , film like the doubl life of veroniqu .
the valu that have held the enterpris crew togeth through previous adventur and peril do so again-courag , self-sacrific and patienc under pressur .
if it 's possibl for a sequel to outshin the origin , then sl2 doe just that .
a romant comedi that oper by the rule of it own self-contain univers .
4 friend , 2 coupl , 2000 mile , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it 's the ultim redneck road-trip .
the film is often fill with a sens of pure wonder and excit not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm
it might be tempt to regard mr. andrew and his collabor as oddbal , but mr. earnhart 's quizzic , charm movi allow us to see them , final , as artist .
a feel-good pictur in the best sens of the term .
edit and shot with a syncop style mimick the work of his subject , pray turn the idea of the documentari on it head , make it rous , invigor fun lack ani mtv pufferi .
a most intellig , engross and psycholog reson suspens .
it 's this memory-as-ident obviat that give secret life it intermitt uneas , reaffirm that long-held illus are inde realiti , and that eras them recast the self .
hip-hop has a histori , and it 's a metaphor for this love stori .
in scope , ambit and accomplish , children of the centuri ... take kuri ' career to a whole new level .
this may not have the dramat gut-wrench impact of other holocaust film , but it 's a compel stori , main becaus of the way it 's told by the peopl who were there .
between the drama of cube ?
s person revel regard what the shop mean in the big pictur , icon charact gambol fluid through the stori , with charm result .
a gentl , compassion drama about grief and heal .
somewher short of tremor on the modern b-scene : neither as funni nor as clever , though an agreeabl unpretenti way to spend nineti minut .
digital-video documentari about stand-up comedian is a great glimps into a veri differ world .
unlik most teen flick , swim take it time to tell it stori , cast most little-known perform in key role , and introduc some intrigu ambigu .
an enthral , play film that constant frustrat our desir to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstruct the veri format of the biographi in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his bless to .
`` extrem op '' exceed expect .
good fun , good action , good act , good dialogu , good pace , good cinematographi .
you should pay nine buck for this : becaus you can hear about suffer afghan refuge on the news and still be unaffect .
drama like this make it human .
a thunder ride at first , quiet cadenc of pure finess are few and far between their shortag dilut the potenc of otherwis respect action .
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truli excel sequenc .
it 's obvious struck a respons chord with mani south korean , and should work it magic in other part of the world .
run , do n't walk , to see this barb and brace comedi on the big screen .
a classi item by a legend who may have noth left to prove but still has the chop and drive to show how it done .
it is natur against progress .
in fessenden 's horror trilog , this theme has prove import to him and is especi so in the final .
it 's not exact a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even come from the drive-thru .
this is what imax was made for : strap on a pair of 3-d goggl , shut out the real world , and take a vicari voyag to the last frontier -- space .
mere as a technic , logist feat , russian ark mark a cinemat mileston .
-lrb- schweiger is -rrb- talent and terribl charismat , qualiti essenti to both movi star and social anarchist .
it 's a great deal of sizzl and veri littl steak .
but what spectacular sizzl it is !
... in this incarn it fizz is infecti .
an origin gem about an obsess with time .
it will delight newcom to the stori and those who know it from bygon day .
glorious goofi -lrb- and gori -rrb- midnight movi stuff .
the film overcom the regular minefield of coming-of-ag clich with potent dose of honesti and sensit .
if your sens have n't been dull by slasher film and gorefest , if you re a connoisseur of psycholog horror , this is your ticket .
it 's a minor comedi that tri to balanc sweet with coars , while it paint a sad pictur of the singl scene .
it is intens person and yet -- unlik quill -- deft show us the temper of the time .
as lo-fi as the special effect are , the folk who cobbl nemesi togeth indulg the forc of human over hardwar in a way that georg luca has long forgotten .
like mike doe n't win ani point for origin .
it doe succeed by follow a feel-good formula with a win style , and by offer it target audienc of urban kid some welcom role model and optim .
it 's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the american peopl to see what a candid is like when he 's not give the same 15-cent stump speech .
far from perfect , but it heart is in the right place ... innoc and well-mean .
a sad , superior human comedi play out on the back road of life .
waydowntown is by no mean a perfect film , but it boast a huge charm factor and smack of origin .
tim allen is great in his role but never hog the scene from his fellow cast , as there are plenti of laugh and good line for everyon in this comedi .
more a load of enjoy , conan-esqu claptrap than the punish , special-effect soul assault the mummi pictur repres .
enorm likabl , part becaus it is awar of it own grasp of the absurd .
here 's a british flick gleefulli unconcern with plausibl , yet just as determin to entertain you .
it 's an old stori , but a live script , sharp act and partial anim interlud make just a kiss seem minti fresh .
must be seen to be believ .
ray liotta and jason patric do some of their best work in their underwritten role , but do n't be fool : nobodi deserv ani prize here .
everyth that has to do with yvan and charlott , and everyth that has to do with yvan 's rambuncti , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feel funni and true .
the year 's happiest surpris , a movi that deal with a real subject in an alway surpris way .
fan of behan 's work and of irish movi in general will be reward by borstal boy .
it mysteri are transpar obvious , and it 's too slowli pace to be a thriller .
-lrb- but it 's -rrb- worth recommend becaus of two marvel perform by michael cain and brendan fraser .
the film is faith to what one presum are the book 's twin premis -- that we becom who we are on the back of our parent , but we have no idea who they were at our age and that time is a fleet and precious commod no matter how old you are .
stephen earnhart 's homespun documentari mule skinner blue has noth but love for it poss of trailer park denizen .
a solid seaworthi chiller .
if you can get past the fantast aspect and harsh realiti of `` the isl '' you ll get a sock-you-in-the-ey flick that is a visual tour-de-forc and a stori that is unlik ani you will like see anywher els .
there are as mani miss as hit , but ultim , it find humor in the foibl of human behavior , and it 's a welcom return to the root of a genr that should depend on surpris .
a well-mad thriller with a certain level of intellig and non-reactionari moral .
there 's enough scienc to make it count as educ , and enough beauti to make it unforgett .
remain a solid , if somewhat heavy-hand , account of the near-disast ... done up by howard with a steadi , if not veri imagin , hand .
makmalbaf follow a resolut realist path in this uncompromis insight into the harsh exist of the kurdish refuge of iran 's borderland .
for a good chunk of it run time , trap is an effect and claustrophob thriller .
most of crush is a clever and captiv romant comedi with a welcom pinch of tart .
nair doe captur the complex of a big famili and it trial and tribul ...
the seasid splendor and shallow , beauti peopl are nice to look at while you wait for the stori to get go .
rare is the ` urban comedi ' that even attempt the insight and honesti of this disarm indi .
rank among willam ' best screen work .
engag captur the madden and magnet ebb and flow of friendship .
an experi so engross it is like be buri in a new environ .
it 's tradit moviemak all the way , but it 's done with a lot of care period attent as well as some veri welcom wit .
mayb it 's just becaus this past year has seen the releas of some of the worst film comedi in decad ... but honest , analyz that realli is n't all that bad .
a droll , well-act , character-driven comedi with unexpect deposit of feel .
this is simpli the most fun you ll ever have with a documentari !
a veri funni movi .
watch hanek 's film is , apt enough , a challeng and a punish .
but watch huppert , a great actress tear into a landmark role , is rivet .
a cop stori that understand the medium amaz well .
britney has been deliv to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girl to travel on the fame freeway .
those outsid show busi will enjoy a close look at peopl they do n't realli want to know .
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headach or exhilar you .
watch beani and his gang put togeth his slasher video from spare part and borrow materi is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
children may not understand everyth that happen -- i 'm not sure even miyazaki himself doe -- but they will almost certain be fascin , and undoubt delight .
a fascin and fun film .
tadpol is a sophist , funni and good-natur treat , slight but a pleasur .
this insight , oscar-nomin documentari , in which children on both side of the ever-escal conflict have their say away from watch parent eye , give peac yet anoth chanc .
i admir this work a lot .
whether you re move and love it , or bore or frustrat by the film , you ll still feel someth .
... there are enough moment of heartbreak honesti to keep one glu to the screen .
my good , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seem to have no problem flaunt her natur gift .
she must have a veri strong back .
a smart , sweet and play romant comedi .
australian actor\/director john polson and award-win english cinematograph gile nuttgen make a terrif effort at disguis the obvious with energi and innov .
without heavy-handed , dong provid perspect with his intellig grasp of human foibl and contradict .
solid , lump-in-the-throat famili entertain that deriv it power by stick to the fact .
as an entertain , the movi keep you divert and best of all , it lighten your wallet without leav a sting .
it is interest and fun to see goodal and her chimpanze on the bigger-than-lif screen .
it wo n't bust your gut -- and it 's not intend to -- it 's mere a bland cinemat surgic examin of what make a joke a joke .
a somewhat crude construct but grip , quest look at a person so rack with self-loath , he becom an enemi to his own race .
it extend the write of jean genet and john rechi , the film of fassbind , perhap even the nocturn work of goya .
narc may not get an ` a ' for origin , but it wear it b-movi heritag like a badg of honor .
with the film 's strike end , one realiz that we have a long way to go befor we fulli understand all the sexual permut involv .
-lrb- drumlin -rrb- is entertain for what it doe , and admir for what it doe n't do .
at it best earli on as it play the cultur clash between the brother .
an unabash schmaltzi and thorough enjoy true stori .
a thought look at a pain incid that made headlin in 1995 .
you walk out of the good girl with mix emot -- disapprov of justin combin with a ting of understand for her action .
tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refin it to a crystallin point .
pure propaganda , a work of unabash hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and like inadvert -- a time and invalu implicit remind of the role that u.s. foreign polici has play in the rise of castro .
now trim by about 20 minut , this lavish three-year-old product has enough grandeur and scale to satisfi as grown-up escap .
we get some truli uniqu charact studi and a cross-sect of americana that hollywood could n't possibl fiction and be believ .
though this film can be clumsi , it ambit are equal -- and admir -- uncommerci .
dare , mesmer and exceed hard to forget .
moor 's perform impress almost as much as her work with hayn in 1995 's safe .
visit spy-movi territori like a novel you ca n't put down , examin a footnot to histori seldom brought to light on the screen , and keep you guess from first frame to last .
an absorb , slice-of-depress life that touch nerv and ring true .
mr. parker has brilliant updat his sourc and grasp it essenc , compos a sorrow and hilari tone poem about alien labor , or an absurdist workplac sitcom .
the result is someth quit fresh and delight .
all but the most persnicketi preteen should enjoy this nonthreaten but thrill adventur .
despit it mani infuri flaw -- not the least of which is ami 's self-absorb person -- ami 's o 's honesti will win you over .
this is one of polanski 's best film .
day is not a great bond movi , but it is a good bond movi , which still make it much better than your typic bond knock-off .
polish korean political-act film is just as good -- and bad -- as hollywood action epic .
is this progress ?
ell , portray with quiet fastidi by per christian ellefsen , is a truli singular charact , one whose frailti are onli slight magnifi version of the one that vex near everyon .
deni and co-writ michel petin 's impecc screenplay penetr with a raw that that is both unflinch and tantal .
lead provocatu testud and parmenti give superl perform
an absorb trip into the mind and motiv of peopl under stress as well as a keen , unsentiment look at variat on the theme of motherhood .
i admir it , particular that unexpect downer of an end .
the passion arous by the discord between old and new cultur are set against the strang , stark beauti of the mideast desert , so love and percept film that you can almost tast the desicc air .
remark access and affect .
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barri be a cia hit man .
the kooki yet shadowi vision clooney sustain throughout is dare , invent and impress .
a triumph of art direct over narrat , but what art direct !
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one ca n't help but think he 'd appreci this attempt to turn his life into art .
JirÃ­ hubac 's script is a gem .
his charact are engag , intim and the dialogu is realist and great move .
the scope of the silberstein famili is larg and we grow attach to their live , full of strength , warmth and vital . . moor 's complex and import film is also , believ it or not , immens entertain , a david and goliath stori that 's still veri much play itself out .
the addit storylin is interest and entertain , but it doe n't have the same magic qualiti as the begin of the stori .
i like the new footag and still love the old stuff .
though mama take a bit too long to find it rhythm and a third-act plot develop is somewhat melodramat , it ribald humor and touch nostalgia are sure to pleas anyon in search of a jule and jim for the new millennium .
you might not buy the idea .
but you ll definit want the t-shirt .
provid an intrigu window into the imagin and hermet analysi of todd solondz .
windtalk is shapeless gratifi , the kind of movi that invit you to pick apart it fault even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .
present an astut apprais of middl american music torpor and the desper struggl to escap it .
just what make us happi , anyway ?
a thought , move piec that face difficult issu with honesti and beauti .
one of the greatest romant comedi of the past decad .
you would n't call the good girl a date movi -lrb- an anti-d movi is more like it -rrb- , but when it 's good , it 's good and horrid .
benefit from a strong perform from zhao , but it 's dong jie 's face you rememb at the end .
this is a film brim with detail and nuanc and one that speak volum about the abil of the human spirit to find solac in event that could easili crush it forev .
the director , steven shainberg , has succeed by focus intent on his charact , make them quirki individu rather than figur of fun .
it ultim stand forth as an import chronicl of the abus of one of latin america 's most oppress regim .
the movi has a soft , percol magic , a deadpan suspens .
a well-mad and often love depict of the mysteri of friendship .
use his audienc as a figur port-of-cal , dong pull his even-hand ideolog ship to their dock for unload , befor he continu his longer journey still ahead .
... understand that a generat defin it music as much as the music defin a generat .
the transport is as live and as fun as it is unapologet dumb
as a wit to sever greek-american wed -- but , happili , a victim of none -- i can testifi to the compar accuraci of ms. vardalo ' memori and insight .
has it ever been possibl to say that william has truli inhabit a charact ?
it is now .
by present an imposs romanc in an imposs world , pumpkin dare us to say whi either is imposs -- which forc us to confront what 's possibl and what we might do to make it so .
an impress debut for first-tim writer-director mark romanek , especi consid his background is in music video .
an incendiari , deepli thought-provok look at one of the most peculiar -lrb- and peculiar venom -rrb- bigotri in our increas frighten theocraci
all the perform are top notch and , onc you get through the accent , all or noth becom an emot , though still posit , wrench of a sit .
`` it success are also temper with element which prove the direct antithesi of what it get right . ''
it 's solid and affect and exact as thought-provok as it should be .
this is such a dazzl self-assur directori debut that it 's hard to know what to prais first .
parker hold true to wild 's own vision of a pure comedi with absolut no mean , and no desir to be anyth but a polish , sophist entertain that is in love with it own clever .
munch 's genuin insight make the film 's occasion overindulg forgiv .
thank , the film , which skirt that rapid deterior line between fantasi and realiti ... take a tongue-in-cheek attitud even as it push the croc hunter agenda .
ultim , the messag of troubl everi day seem to be that all sexual desir disrupt life 's stasi .
if you re like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romanc and someon who shameless love to eat , then most martha offer all the perfect ingredi to more than satisfi your appetit .
the film has just enough of everyth -- re-enact , archiv footag , talking-head interview -- and the music is simpli sublim .
there are a few stab at absurdist comedi ... but most the humor is of the sweet , gentl and occasion cloy kind that has becom an iranian specialti .
a wonder character-bas comedi .
it would be interest to hear from the other side , but in talk to her , the women are down for the count .
an endear offbeat romant comedi with a great meet-cut gimmick .
the uniqu tug-of-war with viewer expect is undeni , if not a pleasur in it own right .
it use an old-tim formula , it 's not terribl origin and it 's rather messi -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happi movi my big fat greek wed .
it 's almost imposs not to be move by the movi 's depict of sacrific and it stir epilogu in post-soviet russia .
who know what exact godard is on about in this film , but his word and imag do n't have to add up to mesmer you .
the tone is balanc , reflect and reason .
the princip in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standout .
it could chang america , not onli becaus it is full of necessari discuss point , but becaus it is so access that it make complex polit understand to viewer look for noth but energet entertain .
what 's most strike about this larg celebratori film ... is the sens of isol that permeat these bastion of individu in an ikea world .
... if you re in a mind set for goofi comedi , the trooper will entertain with their gross out , bawdi comedi and head game .
somewhat blur , but kinnear 's perform is razor sharp .
as a director , mr. ratliff wise reject the temptat to make fun of his subject .
for anyon who rememb the 60s or is interest in one man 's respons to stroke , ram dass : fierc grace is worth seek out .
intrigu and beauti film , but those of you who read the book are like to be disappoint .
the new guy doe have a heart .
now , if it onli had a brain .
a savvi explor of paranoia and insecur in america 's cultur of fear .
legendari irish writer brendan behan 's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a love screen transferr .
the film 's greatest asset is how much it 's not just anoth connect-the-dot , spy-on-the-run pictur .
this clever caper movi has twist worthi of david mamet and is enorm fun for think audienc .
it 's one of the saddest film i have ever seen that still manag to be uplift but not over sentiment .
morton is , as usual , brilliant .
even with all those rough edg safe sand down , the american insomnia is still pretti darn good .
i do n't know precis what to make of steven soderbergh 's full frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoy much of it .
the tug of war that ensu is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash cours in movi mytholog .
near surreal , dabbl in french , this is no simpl movi , and you ll be take a risk if you choos to see it .
i enjoy the ride -lrb- bump and all -rrb- , creami depth , and ultim theme .
you could say that it 's slow at time , you could say that a few of the charact act in way that real peopl would n't , but one thing you could n't say is that alia betti is predict .
asia author herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspir directress who just happen to be her own worst enemi .
roman coppola may never becom the filmmak his dad was , but heck -- few filmmak will .
but base on cq , i ll certain be keep an eye out for his next project .
an amus , breezili apolit documentari about life on the campaign trail .
high on melodrama .
but it 's emot engross , too , thank to strong , credibl perform from the whole cast .
final , a genr movi that deliv -- in a coupl of genr , no less .
it 's not so much enjoy to watch as it is enlighten to listen to new side of a previous realiti , and to visit with some of the peopl who were abl to make an impact in the theater world .
spielberg is the rare director who doe not want to invit viewer to gawk at or applaud his special effect .
he just want them to be part of the action , the wallpap of his chosen realiti .
here , thank , they are .
post 9\/11 the philosoph messag of `` person freedom first '' might not be as palat as intend .
hu and liu offer natur , matter-of-fact perform that glint with sorrow , long and love .
this bold and lyric first featur from raja amari expand the pat notion that middle-ag women just wanna have fun into a rous treatis of sensual empower .
easier to respect than enthus over , andersson 's rigor person vision is not onli distanc but distanc .
girl gone wild and gone civil again
... tunney is allow to build an uncommon human charact , an almost real-liv girl complet with troubl and hope .
while this film is not in the least surpris , it is still ultim veri satisfi .
think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
clever , brutal and strang soul movi .
... alway remain move genuin .
an intellig fiction about learn through cultur clash .
will grab your children by the imagin and amaz them and amus them .
a remark 179-minut medit on the natur of revolut .
those who would follow hanek on his creepi explor ... are reward by brutal , commit perform from huppert and magimel .
an involv true stori of a chines actor who take up drug and wind up in an institut -- act most by the actual peopl involv .
hand down the year 's most thought-provok film .
but it pay a price for it intric intellectu gamesmanship .
it 's a terrif american sport movi and denni quaid is it athlet heart .
this is such a high-energi movi where the drum and the march are so excel , who care if the stori 's a littl weak .
compel reveng thriller , though somewhat weaken by a miscast lead ladi .
it 's amaz percept in it subtl , support but unsentiment look at the mark famili .
a whole lot foul , freaki and funni .
attal mix comedi with a serious explor of ego and jealousi within a seem seren marriag .
the divers of the artist repres , both in term of style and ethnic , prevent the proceed from feel repetiti , as doe the appropri brief 40-minut run time .
the pianist is a fine valedictori work for polanski , made richer by his own experi , make his other movi somehow richer in the bargain .
foster nail the role , give a tight , focus perform illumin by shard of feel .
even if you ca n't pronounc `` gyro '' correct , you ll appreci much of vardalo ' humor , which transcend ethnic boundari .
is offic work realli as alien as ` bartlebi ' so effect make it ?
farrel ... thank manag to outshin the role and success play the foil to willi 's world-weari colonel .
audienc condit to get weepi over saucer-ey , downy-cheek moppet and their empathet caretak will probabl feel emot cheat by the film 's tart , sugar-fre wit .
bennett 's dramat of her person descent into post-breakup perdit has a morbid appeal that 's tough to shake .
an intrigu and entertain introduct to johnson .
as expect , sayl ' smart wordplay and clever plot contriv are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadow by some strong perform .
a model of what film like this should be like .
as weber and weissman demonstr with such insight and celebratori verv , the cockett were n't as much about gender , sexual prefer or polit agitprop as they were simpli a triumph of the indomit human will to rebel , connect and creat .
yeah , these flick are just that damn good .
is n't it great ?
an unbeliev fun film just a lead man away from perfect .
over-the-top and a bit ostentati , this is a movi that 's got oodl of style and substanc .
... a poignant and power narrat that reveal that read write and arithmet are not the onli subject to learn in life .
nice serv as an examin of a societi in transit .
a tender and touch drama , base on the true stori of a troubl african-american 's quest to come to term with his origin , reveal the yearn we all have in our heart for accept within the famili circl .
as a randi film about sexi peopl in gorgeous place be push and pull -lrb- liter and figur -rrb- by desir ... -lrb- sex and LucÃ­a -rrb- make for an arous good time .
absorb charact studi by andr turpin .
celebr at sundanc , this slight comedi of manner has win perform and a glossi , glib charm that 's hard to beat .
renner 's perform as dahmer is unforgett , deepli absorb .
if no one singl out ani of these perform as award-worthi , it 's onli becaus we would expect noth less from this bunch .
if you love read and\/or poetri , then by all mean check it out .
you ll probabl love it .
though of particular interest to student and enthusiast of intern danc and world music , the film is design to make viewer of all age , cultur background and rhythmic abil want to get up and danc .
energet and bold provoc .
star war is back in a major way .
it 's a movi -- and an album -- you wo n't want to miss .
it 's rare to find a film that dazzl the eye , challeng the brain , and satisfi our lust for fast-pac action , but minor report deliv all that and a whole lot more .
while not all transit to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth and no small amount of poetri in girl ca n't swim .
if there 's noth fresh about wannab , which was written by mr. demeo , who produc and direct the film with charl a. addessi , much of the time the movi feel authent .
jacquot 's tosca is a treat .
by the end of no such thing the audienc , like beatric , has a watch affect for the monster .
if you like such movi as not hill , four wed and a funer , bridget jone ' diari or high fidel , then you wo n't want to miss about a boy .
... the gentl meld of drama and comedi make `` what time is it there ? ''
someth the true film buff will enjoy .
romanek keep the film constant taut ... reflect the charact 's instabl with a metaphor visual style and an unnerv , heartbeat-lik score .
i whole-heart recommend that everyon see this movi -- for it histor signific alon .
hey , who els need a shower ?
longley has construct a remark coher , horrif vivid snapshot of those turbul day .
although it bang a veri clich drum at time , this crowd-pleas 's fresh dialogu , energet music , and good-natur spunk are often infecti .
often gruell and heartbreak to wit , but seldahl and wollter 's sterl perform rais this far abov the level of the usual maudlin diseas movi .
go see it and enjoy .
the stun , dreamlik visual will impress even those viewer who have littl patienc for euro-film pretens .
georg clooney prove he 's quit a talent director and sam rockwel show us he 's a world-class actor with confess of a danger mind .
there 's a vast impli in metropoli that is just breathtak .
murder maid may well be the most comprehens of these film and also strike closest to the truth .
the peopl in dogtown and z-boy are so funni , aggress and aliv , you have to watch them becaus you ca n't wait to see what they do next .
as green-gut monster movi go , it 's a beaut .
as bundi , michael reilli burk -lrb- octopus 2 : river of fear -rrb- has just the right amount of charisma and menac .
a deceiv simpl film , one that grow in power in retrospect .
ana is a vivid , vibrant individu and the movi 's focus upon her make it success and access .
a slick , skill littl horror film .
a veri witti take on chang , risk and romanc , and the film use humour to make it point about accept and growth .
-lrb- anderson -rrb- use a hit-or-miss aesthet that hit often enough to keep the film entertain even if none of it make a lick of sens .
bubba ho-tep is a wonder film with a bravura lead perform by bruce campbel that doe n't deserv to leav the build until everyon is awar of it .
despit the long run time , the pace never feel slack -- there 's no scene that scream `` bathroom break ! ''
bullock doe a good job here of work against her natur likabl .
a film of precious increment art camouflag as everyday activ .
kinnear give a tremend perform .
the best movi of it kind sinc ` brazil . '
luca , take note .
this is how you use special effect .
`` frailti '' has been written so well , that even a simpl `` goddammit ! '' near the end take on a whole other mean .
one hour photo is an intrigu snapshot of one man and his delus it 's just too bad it doe n't have more flash of insight .
kaufman creat an eeri sens of not onli be there at the time of these event but the veri night matthew was kill .
chalk it up to my ador for both de niro and murphi , but i had a pretti good time with this movi - despit it myriad flaw .
it scene and sensibl are all more than familiar , but it exud a kind of nostalg spy-movi charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsens that it all seem to be happen for the first time .
it repres better-than-averag movie-mak that doe n't demand a dumb , distract audienc .
a charm yet poignant tale of the irrevoc tie that bind .
an enchant spectacular for potter fan anxious to ride the hogwart express toward a new year of magic and mischief .
the talent of the actor help `` moonlight mile '' rise abov it heart-on-its-sleev write .
it 's a humbl effort , but spice with wri humor and genuin patho , especi between morgan and redgrav .
this examin of aquat life off the shore of the baja california peninsula of mexico offer an engross way to demonstr the virtu of the imax format .
dark and disturb , but also surpris funni .
the movi has an avalanch of eye-pop visual effect .
start off with a bang , but then fizzl like a wet stick of dynamit at the veri end .
it 's still worth a look .
most impress , though , is the film 's open-end final that refus to entir close it charact ' emot wound .
a hip ride into hyper-tim , clockstopp is a live and enjoy adventur for all age at ani time .
grenier is terrif , bring an unforc , rapid-fir deliveri to toback 's heidegg - and nietzsche-referenc dialogu .
... a polish and relat sincer piec of escap .
the stori wrap back around on itself in the kind of eleg symmetri that 's rare in film today , but be warn : it 's a slow slog to get there .
the whole cast look to be have so much fun with the slapstick antic and silli street patoi , toss around obscur express like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minut breez by .
... has freaki scene where the crew wonder if they re ghost imagin themselv as aliv .
it 's a sli wink to the other without becom a postmodern joke , made creepi by it `` men in a sardin can '' warp logic .
long after you leav justin , you ll be wonder what will happen to her and wish her the best -- whatev that might mean .
still pretenti and fill with subtext , but entertain enough at ` face valu ' to recommend to anyon look for someth differ .
call me a wimp , but i cri , not onc , but three time in this anim sweet film .
notori c.h.o. has oodl of vulgar highlight .
an inspir and heart-affect film about the desper attempt of vietnames refuge live in u.s. reloc camp to keep their hope aliv in 1975 .
the level of matur display by this 33-year-old first-tim featur director is astonish , consid her inexperi and her subject matter .
a splendid entertain , young in spirit but accomplish in all aspect with the full of spirit and sens of eas that come onli with experi .
disney 's live-act divis has a histori of releas cinemat flotsam , but this is one occas when they have unearth a rare gem .
if the messag seem more facil than the earlier film , the imag have such a terribl beauti you may not care .
whether kiss is a futur cult classic or destin to be complet forgotten is open to question , but the risk-tak in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .
there are moment in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema 's finest this year .
unfortun , they re sandwich in between the most imposs dri account of kahlo 's life imagin .
there are moment it can be heart-rend in an honest and unaffect -lrb- and gentl -rrb- way .
stay clear of remind yourself that it 's a `` true stori '' and you re like to have one helluva time at the movi .
there are just enough twist in the tale to make it far more satisfi than almost ani horror film in recent memori .
the sundanc film festiv has becom so buzz-obsess that fan and produc descend upon utah each januari to ferret out the next great thing .
` tadpol ' was one of the film so declar this year , but it 's realli more of the next pretti good thing .
work from elliott 's memoir , rohmer fashion the sort of delic , articul charact - and - relationship studi he 's favor for decad .
the stori feel more like a serious read , fill with heavi dose of alway entic sayl dialogu .
when it realli count ... bloodi sunday connect on a viscer level that transcend languag .
the crime matter less than the charact , although the filmmak suppli enough complic , close call and double-cross to satisfi us .
the actor are fantast .
they are what make it worth the trip to the theatr .
rang from funni to shatter and featur some of the year 's best act , person veloc gather plenti of dramat momentum .
i complain all the time about see the same idea repeat in film over and over again , but the bourn ident prove that a fresh take is alway possibl .
recal quiet freak-out like l'avventura and repuls .
onli an epic documentari could get it all down , and spike lee 's jim brown : all american at long last give it subject a movi worthi of his talent .
... as the stori congeal you feel the piec of the star war saga fall into place in a way that make your spine tingl with revel and excit .
a great comedi filmmak know great comedi need n't alway make us laugh .
tim stori 's not there yet - but ` barbershop ' show he 's on his way .
the movi is one of the best exampl of art larg format filmmak you are like to see anytim soon .
lend itself to the narcot bland -lrb- sinist , though not near so sinist as the biennial disney girl movi -rrb- machin of the biennial disney boy movi .
well-written , nice act and beauti shot and score , the film work on sever level , open question social more while ensnar the audienc with it emot pull .
jason x has cheesi effect and a hoari plot , but it macabr , self-deprec sens of humor make up for a lot .
-lrb- taymor -rrb- util the idea of make kahlo 's art a live , breath part of the movi , often catapult the artist into her own work .
this is n't a new idea .
it 's been done befor but never so vivid or with so much passion .
an impress if flaw effort that indic real talent .
two generat within one famili test boundari in this intellig and restrain coming-of-ag drama .
it sound sick and twist , but the miracl of shainberg 's film is that it truli is romanc
disturb and brilliant documentari .
... mesmer , an eye-open tour of modern beij cultur in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .
one of the best exampl of how to treat a subject , you re not fulli awar is be examin , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know was be taken .
not too far below the gloss you can still feel director deni villeneuv 's beat heart and the fond he has for his charact .
as if to prove a femal director can make a movi with no soft edg , kathryn bigelow offer no sugar-co or interlud of light .
her film is unrel claustrophob and unpleas .
-lrb- villeneuv -rrb- seem to realiz intuit that even moral is reduc to an option by the ultim mysteri of life and death .
the result is mesmer -- fill with menac and squalor .
fisher has bare his soul and confront his own shortcom here in a way ... that feel veri human and veri true to life .
it 's fun , but the code-talk will fli right over everyon 's head
bourn , jason bourn .
he can scale a build like a super hero , he can out-stealth ani agent , he ll get the girl .
he 's super spi !
what make the movi a comedi is the way it avoid the more serious emot involv .
this cudd sequel to the 1999 hit is a littl more visual polish , a littl funnier , and a littl more madcap .
the pleasur of super trooper may be fleet , but they ll regist strong with anybodi who still retain a soft spot for precollegi humor .
the film is exhilar to watch becaus sandler , liber from the constraint of formula , reveal unexpect depth as an actor .
a distant , even steril , yet compuls watchabl look at the sordid life of hogan 's hero star bob crane .
the film deliv not just the full assault of reno 's immens wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like dure those unforgett uncertain day .
what might have been a predict heartwarm tale is suffus with complex .
sound the trumpet : for the first time sinc desper seek susan , madonna doe n't suck as an actress .
although veri much like the first movi base on j.k. rowl 's phenomen fantasi best seller , this second go-round possess a quit pleas , headlong thrust and a likabl delinqu attitud .
-lrb- `` take care of my cat '' -rrb- is an honest nice littl film that take us on an examin of young adult life in urban south korea through the heart and mind of the five princip .
as the stori move inexor through it seven day timefram , the pictur becom increas mesmer .
maguir is a surpris effect peter\/spider-man .
not a cozi or ingrati work , but it 's challeng , sometim clever , and alway interest , and those are reason enough to see it .
the film run on equal part of innoc and wisdom -- wisdom that come with experi .
it has fun be grown up .
like old myth and wonder tale spun afresh .
rare do film come along that are as intellig , exuber , and move as monsoon wed .
one scarc need the subtitl to enjoy this color action farc .
quit funni for the type of movi it is ...
it 's often infuri glib and postur , and yet it has been made with great evid care and manag to deliv up the man in a way to arous further curios in even the most unknow viewer .
one of -lrb- herzog 's -rrb- least inspir work .
this boister comedi serv up a cruel remind of the fate of hundr of thousand of chines , one which can onli qualifi as a terribl tragedi .
ell realli is about a coupl of crazi guy , and it 's therapeut to laugh along with them .
an irresist combin of a rous good stori set on a truli grand scale .
there 's no deni the physic spectacular qualiti of the film ... or the emot integr of the perform .
few film this year have been as resolut in their emot naked .
exquisit act and master if precious interwoven ... -lrb- the film -rrb- address in a fascin , intellig manner the intermingl of race , polit and local commerc .
stevenson 's perform is at onc clueless and fierc commit , a volatil combin .
this is a veri fine movi -- go see it .
as shaki as the plot is , kaufman 's script is still memor for some great one-lin .
despit it flaw , secretari stay in your head and make you question your own firm held posit .
one of those rare , exhilar cinemat delight that get even better in hindsight , as you mull over it everi nuanc in your mind .
not everyth work , but the averag is higher than in mari and most other recent comedi .
a byzantin melodrama that stimul the higher brain function as well as the libido .
a sensit and expert act crowd-pleas that is n't abov a littl broad comedi and a few unabash sentiment tear .
the film 's sharp , often mischiev sens of humor will catch some off guard ...
doe what a fine documentari doe best : it extend a warm invit into an unfamiliar world , then illumin it fulli and allow the larger implic of the journey to sink in unobtrus .
almost everi scene in this film is a gem that could stand alon , a perfect realiz observ of mood , behavior and intent .
a psycholog rich and suspens moral thriller with a stellar perform by al pacino .
you wo n't believ much of it , but you will laugh at the audac , at the who 's who cast and the sheer insan of it all .
this version 's no classic like it predecessor , but it pleasur are still plenti .
the bourn ident is what summer screen escap use to be in the decad when it was gear more to grownup .
provid -lrb- s -rrb- nail-bit suspens and credibl charact without reli on technology-of-the-mo techniqu or pretenti dialogu .
if it tri to do anyth more , it would fail and perhap explod , but at this level of manic whimsi , it is just about right .
too sincer to exploit it subject and too honest to manipul it audienc .
the satur bomb of reggio 's imag and glass ' evoc music ... ultim leav viewer with the task of divin mean .
for all it serious sens of purpos ... -lrb- it -rrb- find a way to lay bare the tragedi of it set with a good deal of warmth and humor .
a depress confirm of everyth those of us who do n't object to the descript `` unelect '' have suspect all along : georg w. bush is an incuri , uncharismat , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
this road movi give you emot whiplash , and you ll be glad you went along for the ride .
sure , it 's more of the same , but as the film prove , that 's not alway a bad thing .
a lightheart , feel-good film that embrac the time-honor truth that the most power thing in life is love .
a bowel-curdl , heart-stop recip for terror .
daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especi those who are n't awar of , or have forgotten about the unment victim of war .
zhang yimou deliv warm , genuin charact who lie not through dishonesti , but becaus they genuin believ it 's the onli way to bring happi to their love one .
... breath surpris new life into the familiar by amalgam genr and ad true human complex to it not-so-stock charact . '
... both hokey and super-cool , and definit not in a hurri , so sit back , relax and have a few laugh while the littl one get a fuzzi treat . '
a pleasant romant comedi .
it 's a count for our time .
greengrass has deliv an undoubt stylist tour-de-forc , and has manag element such as sound and cinematographi with skill
smith 's point is simpl and obvious -- peopl 's home are extens of themselv , and particular eccentr peopl have particular eccentr live space -- but his subject are charmer .
a romant comedi , yes , but one with charact who think and talk about their goal , and are work on hard decis .
vivid convey both the pitfal and the pleasur of over-the-top love .
... a weak , manipul , pencil-thin stori that is miracul abl to entertain anyway .
a pro-fat farc that overcom much of it excess moral baggag thank to two appeal lead perform .
for the first two-third of this sparkl invent and art , alway fast and furious tale , kid will go happili along for the ride .
majidi 's poetic love stori is a ravish consciousness-rais , if a bit draggi at time .
the smartest bonehead comedi of the summer .
effect feed our sens with the chill sight and sound from within the camp to creat a complet numb experi .
i love the way that it took chanc and realli ask you to take these great leap of faith and pay off .
in his debut as a film director , denzel washington deliv a lean and engag work .
onli two word will tell you what you know when decid to see it : anthoni .
hopkin .
the movi 's quiet affirm of neighborhood valu give it an honest , lived-in glow .
a teas drama whose relentless good-deed\/bad-de revers are just interest enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interest , less symmetr , less obvious cross-shap creation .
hayek is stun as frida and ... a star-mak project .
it 's both a necessari polit work and a fascin documentari ...
hilari , acid brit comedi .
as a reveng thriller , the movi is servic , but it doe n't realli deliv the delici guilti pleasur of the better film version .
an iron specul on democraci in a cultur unaccustom to it .
it 's not life-affirm -- it vulgar and mean , but i like it .
sever degre shi of the gross-out contest one expect from current teen fare .
the inher strength of the materi as well as the integr of the filmmak give this coming-of-ag stori restraint as well as warmth .
led by griffin 's smart nuanc perform and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the materi .
tuck everlast achiev a delic balanc of romant innoc and philosoph depth .
a gentl blend of present day testimoni , surviv footag of burstein and his famili perform , histor archiv , and tell still .
a generat x artifact , captur a brief era of insan in the sport arena that sure can not last .
possess is elizabeth barrett brown meet nanci drew , and it 's direct by ... neil labut .
hmm .
an uneven but intrigu drama that is part homag and part remak of the italian masterpiec .
windtalk celebr the human spirit and pack an emot wallop .
have never been a huge fan of dicken ' 800-page novel , it surpris me how much pleasur i had watch mcgrath 's version .
the best thing the film doe is to show us not onli what that mind look like , but how the creativ process itself oper .
for all it fail connect , divin secret of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurtur , in a gauzi , dither way .
this is pretti dicey materi .
but some unexpect zig and zag help .
the filmmak skill evok the sens of menac that natur hold for mani urban dweller .
the laser-project paint provid a spell-cast beauti , while russel and dreyfus are a romant pair of heart , precious expos as histori corner them .
you do n't have to be an especi tough grader to give a charit b-minus to the emperor 's club .
this romant thriller is steep in the atmospher of wartim england , and abli captur the speech pattern , moral code and ideal of the 1940s .
divin secret of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exact divin , but it 's definit -- defiant -- ya ya , what with all of those terrif song and spirit perform .
view on it own term , treasur planet is better-than-averag famili entertain , but true fan of the stevenson 's novel will like prefer disney 's more faith 1950 live-act swashbuckl classic .
a journey through memori , a celebr of live , and a sober rumin on fatal , classism , and ignor .
resourc and ingeni entertain .
`` antwon fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numb effort by washington .
it wo n't rock ani boat but is solid meat-and-potato filmmak .
a histor epic with the courag of it convict about both scope and detail .
we need -lrb- moor 's -rrb- noisi , cocki energi , his passion and class conscious we need his shtick , we need his stone .
although the edit might have been tighter , hush !
sympathet captur the often futil lifestyl of young peopl in modern japan .
-lrb- gai -rrb- come closer to ani actress i can rememb to personifi independ in it purest and , yes , most intimid form .
these are live worth watch , path worth follow .
it 's rather like a lifetim special -- pleasant , sweet and forgett .
a moodi horror\/thril elev by deft stage and the director 's well-known narrat gamesmanship .
as a singular charact studi , it 's perfect .
it 's also the year 's sweetest movi .
a grace , contempl film that gradual and art draw us into a world where the person and the polit get fatal intertwin .
while not as aggress impress as it american counterpart , `` in the bedroom , '' moretti 's film make it own , quieter observ
the experi of watch blobbi old-school cgi anim in this superlarg format is just surreal enough to be divert .
time changer may not be the most memor cinema session but it profound self-evalu messag about our fragil exist and the absenc of spiritu guidanc should at least invad an abund of mindset
`` the emperor 's new cloth '' begin with a simpl plan ... well , at least that 's the plan .
hayn has so fanat fetish everi bizarr old-movi idiosyncrasi with such monast devot you re not sure if you should applaud or look into have him commit .
-lrb- director peter -rrb- jackson and his crew have so steep themselv in the majesti of tolkien 's write that everi frame produc new joy , whether you re a fan of the book or not .
while the glass slipper doe n't quit fit , pumpkin is definit a uniqu modern fairytal .
the drama is play out with such ach beauti and truth that it bring tear to your eye .
an excit and involv rock music doc , a smart and satisfi look insid that tumultu world .
an offbeat , sometim gross and surpris appeal anim film about the true mean of the holiday .
this version incarn the prophet book in a way even it exact author might admir .
sometim , noth satisfi like old-fashion swashbuckl .
and in this regard , on guard deliv .
... ambit is in short suppli in the cinema , and egoyan tackl his theme and explor his charact ' crise with serious and compass .
an imposs romanc , but we root for the patron iranian lad .
like dicken with his passag , mcgrath craft quit move scene throughout his resolut dramat variat on the novel .
there 's a disreput air about the whole thing , and that 's what make it irresist .
an exceed clever piec of cinema .
anoth great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifi than what you do see thriller , coupl with some arrest effect , incandesc tone and stupend perform
a care structur scream of conscious that is tortur and unsettl -- but unquestion aliv .
a quiet reflect and melancholi new zealand film about an event summer in a 13-year-old girl 's life .
cute , funni , heartwarm digit anim featur film with plenti of slapstick humor for the kid , lot of in-jok for the adult and heart enough for everyon .
veri solid , veri watchabl first featur for director peter sheridan
a budget affair that expos the general sad exist of the bedouin while provid a precious twinkl of insight into their live .
it suggest the wide-rang effect of media manipul , from the kind of report that is done by the suppos liber media ... to the intim and ultim tragic heartach of maverick individu like hatfield and hick .
workmanlik , mayb , but still a film with all the element that made the other three great , scari time at the movi .
a pleasant enough comedi that should have found a summer place .
branagh , in his most forc non-shakespear screen perform , ground even the softest moment in the angri revolt of his wit .
though the violenc is far less sadist than usual , the film is typic miik : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imagin flourish .
compel as it is exot , fast runner has a plot that rival shakespear for intrigu , treacheri and murder .
what it lack in origin it make up for in intellig and b-grade stylish .
the warm presenc of zhao benshan make the preposter lie hero into someth more than he reason should be .
this is as power a set of evid as you ll ever find of whi art matter , and how it can reson far beyond museum wall and through to the most pain margin live .
director rob marshal went out gun to make a great one .
skip work to see it at the first opportun .
bow 's best moment are when he 's get busi on the basketbal court becaus that 's when he realli score .
offer enough play fun to entertain the preschool set while embrac a wholesom attitud .
in the end , punch-drunk love is one of those film that i want to like much more than i actual did .
sometim , that 's enough .
an intim , good-humor ethnic comedi like numer other but cut deeper than expect .
ice cube hold the film togeth with an engag and warm perform ...
both deepli weird and charm dear .
as blunt as it is in depict child abus , el bola is a movi steep in an ambigu that lend it conflict a symbol reson .
despit a stori predict enough to make the sound of music play like a nail-bit thriller , it heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get realli peev at it .
an incred low-rent danish film , it bring a group of peopl togeth in a sweet and charm way , if a littl conveni
it 's the cinemat equival of a good page-turn , and even if it 's nonsens , it claw dig surpris deep .
director nalin pan doe n't do much to weigh ani argument one way or the other .
he simpli present his point of view that ayurveda work .
no question .
what `` empir '' lack in depth it make up for with it heart .
claud miller air out a tight plot with an easi pace and a focus on charact drama over crime-film complic .
what full frontal lack in themat coher it larg make up for as loosey-goosey , experiment entertain .
still , i 'm not quit sure what the point is ...
rich in detail , gorgeous shot and beauti act , les destine is , in it quiet , epic way , dare , invent and refresh unusu .
-lrb- a -rrb- hollywood sheen bedevil the film from the veri begin ... -lrb- but -rrb- lohman 's moist , deepli emot eye shine through this bogus veneer ... do we realli need a 77-minut film to tell us exact whi a romant relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman doe n't work ?
ford deserv to be rememb at oscar time for craft this wonder portrait of a conflict soldier .
the film 's 45-minut run time stop shi of overkil , though viewer may be more exhaust than the athlet onscreen .
do n't expect ani surpris in this checklist of teamwork clich ...
as adapt by kevin moloni from simon ley ' novel `` the death of napoleon '' and direct by alan taylor , napoleon 's journey is interest but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
the movi address a hungri need for pg-rat , nonthreaten famili movi , but it doe n't go too much further .
this warm and gentl romant comedi has enough interest charact to fill sever movi , and it ampl charm should win over the most hard-heart cynic .
a yarn that respect the marvel version without becom ensnar by it .
this is a happi throwback to the time when cartoon were cinema 's most idiosyncrat form instead of one of it most predict .
complex , affect and uniqu almodovar , the film evok strong emot and push viewer to question their deepest notion of moral right and wrong .
good ol urban legend stuff .
not so much a movi as a pictur book for the big screen .
this is n't my favorit in the seri , still i enjoy it enough to recommend .
it 's one of the most honest film ever made about hollywood .
it is a film that will have peopl walk out halfway through , will encourag other to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubt , leav both camp engag in a feroci debat for year to come .
on it own cinemat term , it success showcas the passion of both the director and novelist byatt .
light , silli , photograph with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
pray 's film work well and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntabl .
good movi .
good actress .
but if you expect light romant comedi , good gosh , will you be shock .
it has the courag to wonder about big question with sincer and devot .
it risk seem slow and pretenti , becaus it think the gambl is worth the promis .
with youth high spirit , tautou remain captiv throughout michel 's religi and romant quest , and she is back by a likabl cast .
it 's an exampl of sophist , challeng filmmak that stand , despit it notic lack of emot heft , in welcom contrast to the indulg dead-end experiment of the director 's previous full frontal .
a veri funni look at how anoth cultur handl the process of court and marriag .
but tongue-in-cheek preposter has alway been part of for the most part wild 's droll whimsi help `` be earnest '' overcom it weak and parker 's creativ interfer ...
much of the movi 's charm lie in the utter cute of stuart and margolo .
their computer-anim face are veri express .
the path ice age follow most close , though , is the one establish by warner bros. giant chuck jone , who die a matter of week befor the movi 's releas .
anchor by a terrif perform by abbass , satin roug show that the idea of women 's self-actu know few continent divid .
awkward but sincer and , ultim , it win you over .
smith profil five extraordinari american home , and becaus the owner seem fulli awar of the use and abus of fame , it 's a pleasur to enjoy their eccentr .
though the plot is predict , the movi never feel formula , becaus the attent is on the nuanc of the emot develop of the delic charact .
sam jone becam a veri lucki filmmak the day wilco got drop from their record label , prove that one man 's ruin may be anoth 's fortun .
goyer 's screenplay and direct are thank underst , and he has drawn excel perform from his cast .
binoch and magimel are perfect in these role .
when your lead ladi are a coupl of screen-eat dominatrix like goldi hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchi best , even hokum goe down easili .
while undercov brother is definit one for the mass , it 's also full of sharp , smart satir .
get under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
no wonder they re talk about `` talk to her . ''
it 's astonish .
for it serious , high literari aspir and stun act , the film can onli be applaud .
look , this is a terrif flick replet with dazzl camera-work , danc and music .
it is inspir in character how peopl from such divers cultur share the same human and spiritu need .
it 's fair self-awar in it dumb .
a triumph , relentless and beauti in it downbeat dark .
tailor to entertain !
a compel , move film that respect it audienc and it sourc materi .
has a plot full of twist upon knot ... and a nonstop parad of mock-tarantino scuzbag type that start out clever but veer into overkil .
a work of astonish delicaci and forc .
the film benefit great from a less manic tone than it predecessor , as cho appear to have settl comfort into her skin .
for the first time in sever year , mr. allen has surpass himself with the magic he 's spun with the hollywood empress of ms. leoni 's elli .
is n't quit the equal of woo 's best earlier work , but it 's easili his finest american film ... come close to recaptur the brillianc of his hong kong film .
the film hing on it perform , and both lead are up to the task .
an intellig , earnest , intim film that drop the ball onli when it paus for blunt exposit to make sure you re get it metaphys point .
a modest pleasur that accomplish it goal with eas and confid .
a breezi , divert , convent , well-act tale of two men lock in an ongo game of cat-and-cat .
what jackson has accomplish here is amaz on a technic level .
as teen movi go , `` orang counti '' is a refresh chang
make s&m seem veri romant , and maggi gyllenha is a delight .
a delici mordant , bitter black comedi .
although life or someth like it is veri much in the mold of feel-good movi , the cast and director stephen herek 's polish direct pour delight piquant wine from age bottl .
it is riski , intellig , romant and raptur from start to finish .
the movi stick much closer to hornbi 's drop-dead confession tone than the film version of high fidel did .
a pleasant rambl through the sort of idoosyncrat terrain that errol morri has often dealt with ... it doe possess a loos , lackadais charm .
... spice with humor -lrb- ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advis denlopp after a rather , er , bubbl exchang with an alien deckhand -rrb- and witti updat -lrb- silver 's parrot has been replac with morph , a cute alien creatur who mimic everyon and everyth around -rrb- this is a raw and disturb tale that took five year to make , and the trio 's absorb narrat is a heart-wrench showcas inde .
a beauti and haunt examin of the stori we tell ourselv to make sens of the mundan horror of the world .
asid from be the funniest movi of the year , simon , andrew niccol 's brilliant anti-hollywood satir , has a wick eccentr enchant to it .
watstein handili direct and edit around his screenplay 's sappier element ... and sustain off the hook 's buildup with remark assured for a first-tim .
just anoth fish-out-of-wat stori that bare stay afloat .
there 's an energi to y tu Mama¡ tambien .
much of it come from the brave , uninhibit perform by it lead actor .
it 's the kind of pigeonhole-resist romp that hollywood too rare provid .
reinforc the often forgotten fact of the world 's remark vari human popul and mindset , and it capac to heal use creativ , natur and ancient antidot .
you can feel the heat that ignit this grip tale , and the humor and human that root it in feel .
it 's hard not to be seduc by -lrb- witherspoon 's -rrb- charisma , even in this run-of-the-mil vehicl , becaus this girl know how to drive it to the max .
a movi for 11-year-old boy with sport dream of their own and the preteen girl who worship lil ' bow wow .
a refresh authent coming-of-ag tale .
if you re not into the pokemon franchis , this fourth anim movi in four year wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eye open .
but fan should have fun meet a brand-new pokemon call celebi .
from the big giant titl of the open credit to elmer bernstein 's perfect melod score , hayn get just about everyth right .
whether seen on a 10-inch televis screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educ antic of steve irwin are priceless entertain .
has a shambl charm ... a cheer inconsequenti divers .
ferrara direct the entir film with the kind of detach that make ani given frame look like a famili 's custom-mad christma card .
the movi has lot of danc and fabul music .
there are slow and repetit part , but it has just enough spice to keep it interest .
an incred clever and superbl pace caper fill with scam within scam within scam .
there 's not much more to this adapt of the nick hornbi novel than charm -- effortless , pleasur , featherweight charm .
as a belat nod to some neglect all-star , stand in the shadow of motown is cultur histori of the best kind : inform , reveal and rich entertain .
even if the ride 's a littl bumpi , with a final lap that 's all too suspici smooth , you gotta give director roger michel , best known for the superflu not hill , credit for tri .
not as distinct or even as humor as it need to be to stand out , but it has clear been made with affect and care .
this is carion 's debut featur but his script and direct hum with a confid that mani spend entir career tri to reach .
an intellig , move and invigor film .
... one of the most ingeni and entertain thriller i ve seen in quit a long time .
a clever blend of fact and fiction .
a vivid cinemat portrait .
hilari , touch and wonder dyspept .
their is a simpl and heart-warm stori , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynic .
the film is an enjoy famili film -- pretti much aim at ani youngster who love hors .
a friski and fresh romant comedi expor sexual polit and the challeng of friendship between women .
it 's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertain and authent .
flavor and romant , you could call this how martha got her groov back -- assum , that is , she ever had one to begin with .
happili for mr. chin -- though unhappili for his subject -- the invis hand of the marketplac wrote a script that no human screenwrit could have hope to match .
thurman and lewi are hilari throughout .
the plot is so amus contriv and outlandish in it coincid that no one could ever mistak it for anyth resembl realiti
hit one out of the park for the ` they do n't make em like that anymor ' depart .
it dare to be a littl differ , and that shade is what make it worthwhil .
-lrb- fessenden -rrb- is much more into ambigu and creat mood than he is for on screen thrill
the comic perform are all spot on , especi lee ross 's turn as ken .
a compel journey ... and `` his best friend rememb '' is up there with the finest of special .
at near three hour , the whole of safe conduct is less than the sum of it part .
the hour make you examin your own life in much the same way it charact do , and the experi is profound .
the hour is what movi are suppos to be ...
a bold and subvers film that cut across the grain of what is popular and power in this high-tech age , speak it truth with spellbind imageri and the entranc music of philip glass .
pretti darn good , despit it smarty-p aura .
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
woo 's fight have a distinct flair .
his warrior collid in ballet explos that impli an under order throughout the chao .
barney has creat a tour de forc that is weird , wacki and wonder .
the end doe leav you unfulfil , but these are perform to enjoy in a memor ensembl piec .
... an agreeabl time-wast devic -- but georg pal 's low-tech 1960 version still rule the epoch .
it 's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salut to the univers languag of rhythm and a zippi sampl of sound .
offer an unusu opportun to observ the inequ in the death penalti , not just the inher immor but also the haphazard administr of it and public mispercept of how the whole thing work .
i do n't think i ve been as entranc and appal by an asian film sinc shinya tsukamoto 's iron man .
it is so refresh to see robin william turn 180 degre from the string of insult innocu and sappi fiasco he 's been make for the last sever year .
director benoit jacquot , make his first opera-to-film translat with tosca , convey the heav passion of puccini 's famous love-jealousi - murder-suicid fandango with great cinemat innov .
lilia 's transform from strict mother to sensual siren is superfici preposter , but abba infus the role with an unimpeach core of emot truth .
frida 's artist brillianc is undeni -- it 's among the most breathtak design film i ve ever seen .
the perfect film for those who like sick comedi that can be snide .
` char ' will divid it audienc in two separ group , those reach for more tissu and those beg for merci ...
nervi and sensit , it tap into genuin artist befuddl , and at the same time present a scath indict of what drive hollywood .
a marvel journey from childhood ideal to adolesc self-absorpt .
the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blow , breath-tak mess .
sharp , live , funni and ultim sober film .
though the film 's scenario is certain not earthshak , this depict of fluctuat femal sexual has two win lead perform and charm to spare .
a worthi tribut to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-star . '
a recent favourit at sundanc , this white-trash satir will inspir the affect of even those unlucki peopl who never own a cassett of def leppard 's pyromania .
the record session is the onli part of the film that is enlighten -- and how appreci you are of this depend on your level of fandom .
occasion funni and consist odd , and it work reason well as a star vehicl for zhao .
bright seem altern amus and disgust with this materi , and he ca n't help throw in a few of his own touch .
the 3d imag onli enhanc the film 's otherworld qualiti , give it a strang combo of you-are-ther close with the disori unreal of the seem broken-down fourth wall of the movi screen .
andersson creat a world that 's at onc surreal and disturb familiar absurd , yet tremend sad .
it 's predict , but it jump through the expect hoop with style and even some depth .
often hilari , well-shot and , import , entertain , hell hous is a fascin document of an event that has to be seen to be believ .
de oliveira creat an emot rich , poetic plump and visual fulsom , but never showi , film whose bittersweet theme are reinforc and brilliant personifi by michel piccoli .
... an invit piec of film .
the film 's real appeal wo n't be to clooney fan or adventur buff , but to moviego who enjoy think about compel question with no easi answer .
the fact that the rooki is a near impecc cinemat experi -- and a wonder all-ag triumph besid -- is a miracl akin to the stori the film portray .
a deviant topic comedi which is funni from start to finish .
a startl and fresh examin of how the bike still remain an ambigu icon in chines societi .
a high intrigu thriller , coupl with some ingeni plot devic and some lavish built set . . it 's a worthwhil tutori in quantum physic and slash-dash
as hugh grant say repeat throughout the movi , ` love !
brilliant ! '
cho 's fearless in pick apart human foibl , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audienc .
her deliveri and time are flawless .
work becaus , for the most part , it avoid the stupid clich and formula pothol that befal it brethren .
at it best , the good girl is a refresh adult take on adulteri ...
an amaz and incendiari movi that dive straight into the rough water of contradict .
about nowher kid who appropri turf as they found them and becom self-mad celebr athlet -- a low-down version of the american dream .
occasion , in the cours of review art-hous obscur and slam-bam action flick , a jade critic smack into someth truli new .
a miniscul littl bleep on the film radar , but one that mani more peopl should check out
`` 13 convers '' hold it goodwil close , but is relat slow to come to the point .
a slick , well-oil machin , exquisit polish and upholst .
do n't plan on the perfect end , but sweet home alabama hit the mark with critic who escap from a small town life .
it has a subtl way of get under your skin and stick with you long after it 's over .
the movi stay afloat thank to it hallucinatori product design .
it help that the central perform are experienc actor , and that they know their role so well .
a provoc movi about loss , anger , greed , jealousi , sick and love .
worth the effort to watch .
that rara avi : the intellig romant comedi with actual idea on it mind .
boister and daft documentari .
hawk draw out the best from his larg cast in beauti articul portray that are subtl and so express they can sustain the poetic flight in burdett 's dialogu .
a work of the utmost subtleti and percept , it mark the outstand featur debut of writer-director eric byler , who understand the power of the implicit and the virtu of simplic and economi .
full frontal is the antidot for soderbergh fan who think he 's gone too commerci sinc his two oscar nomin film in 2000
it turn out to be a cut abov the norm , thank to some clever write and spright act .
you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you ll probabl see a bit of yourself in her unfinish stori .
a work of intric eleg , literari lyric and profound common sens .
it 's as close as we ll ever come to look through a photograph 's viewfind as he work .
thought , provoc and entertain .
witti , touch and well pace .
lee jeong-hyang tell it so love and film it so beauti that i could n't help be captiv by it .
you have to pay attent to follow all the stori , but they re each interest .
the movi is well shot and veri tragic , and one to ponder after the credit roll .
enjoy it for what it is you can hate yourself later .
a map of the inner rhythm of love and jealousi and sacrific drawn with a master 's steadi stroke .
a psycholog thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compuls 's attent to detail .
grant get to display his cad to perfect , but also to show act rang that may surpris some who thought light-heart comedi was his fort .
at time funni and at other time candid reveal , it 's an intrigu look at two perform who put themselv out there becaus they love what they do .
westfeldt and juergensen exud a chemistri and comfort level that 's both sauci and endear .
harsh , effect documentari on life in the israeli-occupi palestinian territori .
the film is all a littl lit crit 101 , but it 's extrem well play and often veri funni .
earn it laugh from stock redneck ` type ' and from the mani , mani moment when we recogn even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .
a real stori about real peopl live their live concern about the futur of an elder , mental handicap famili member .
it 's absolut spooki how lillard channel the shagster right down to the origin casey kasem-furnish voic .
a dream cast of solid femal talent who build a seamless ensembl .
there is n't a weak or careless perform amongst them .
smart scienc fiction for grown-up , with onli a few fals step along the way .
it 's a refresh chang from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most american represent of castro .
often move and explor the discomfort inher in the contact between the american ` host ' and their ` guest . ' though the controversi korean filmmak 's latest effort is not for all tast , it offer gorgeous imageri , effect perform , and an increas unsettl sens of forebod .
lathan and digg have consider person charm , and their screen rapport make the old stori seem new .
the stori may not be new , but australian director john polson , make his american featur debut , jazz it up adroit .
it 's endear to hear madam d. refer to her husband as ` jacki ' -- and he doe make for excel compani , not least as a self-consci perform .
the film often achiev a mesmer poetri .
more than make up for it mawkish pose by offer rous spate of genuin feel .
it 's neither as romant nor as thrill as it should be .
but it offer plenti to ponder and chew on as it unusu relationship slowli unfold .
occasion funni , alway veri color and enjoy overblown in the tradit almodovar style .
merchant effect translat naipaul 's live mix of charact from the page to screen .
some movi are like a tasti hors-d'oeuvr this one is a feast .
what could have becom just anoth cautionari fabl is allow to play out as a clever , charm tale -- as pleasant in it own way as it self-dramat charact .
davi has fill out his cast with appeal fresh face .
achiev a sort of filmic epiphani that revel in the true potenti of the medium .
onc you get into it rhythm ... the movi becom a headi experi .
`` auto focus '' work as an unusu biopic and document of male swinger in the playboy era
if mr. zhang 's subject matter is , to some degre at least , quintessenti american , his approach to storytel might be call iranian .
a fast-mov and remark film that appear destin to becom a landmark in japanes anim .
... a sour littl movi at it core an explor of the empti that underlay the relentless gaieti of the 1920 's ... the film 's end has a `` what was it all for ? ''
feel to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
a worthi entri into a veri difficult genr .
-lrb- broomfield -rrb- uncov a stori power enough to leav the screen sizzl with intrigu .
eight crazi night is a showcas for sandler 's mani talent .
a sweet-natur reconsider of one of san francisco 's most vital , if least wide recogn , creativ fountainhead .
this is one of the most visual stun and themat move epic in recent memori , and in spite of numer minor flaw , scorses 's best in more than a decad .
everywher the camera look there is someth worth see .
a rich imagin and admir matur work from a gift director who definit has someth on his mind .
it 's a nice detail world of pawn , bishop and king , of wager in dingi backroom or pristin forest .
a charm , quirki and leisur pace scottish comedi -- except with an outrag central gimmick that could have been a reject from monti python 's mean of life .
it never fail to engag us .
it direct , it script , and weaver 's perform as a vagu discont woman of substanc make for a mild entertain 77 minut , if that 's what you re in the mood for .
a charm romant comedi that is by far the lightest dogm film and among the most enjoy .
this is the kind of movi that use to be right at home at the saturday matine , and it still is .
the spark of special anim magic here is unmistak and hard to resist .
like it two predecessor , 1983 's koyaanisqatsi and 1988 's powaqqatsi , the cinemat collag naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gaz film ever .
baran is n't the most transport or grip film from iran -- or , inde , by it director -- but it 's a worthi companion to the mani fine , focus film emerg from that most surpris of nation .
the visual alon make metropoli worth see .
dark , reson , invent detail and pack with fleet turn of plot and a feast of visual amaz .
a pictur that extol the virtu of comradeship and communiti in a spunki , spirit fashion .
a reson tale of racism , reveng and retribut .
noyc 's film is contempl and mourn reflect .
here , adrian lyne come as close to profund as he is like to get .
evok a littl of the fear that parent have for the possibl futur of their children -- and the sometim bad choic mother and father make in the interest of do them good .
rain is a small treasur , envelop the viewer in a liter and spiritu torpor that is anyth but cathart .
an eleg , exquisit modul psycholog thriller .
this concoct , so bizarr to the adult mind , is actual a charm triumph where it intend under-12 audienc is concern .
droll caper-comedi remak of `` big deal on madonna street '' that 's a sli , amus , laugh-fil littl gem in which the ultim `` bellini '' begin to look like a `` real kaputschnik . '' it 's a beauti accomplish lyric medit on a bunch of despond and vulner charact live in the renown chelsea hotel ...
is it a total success ?
no. .
is it someth ani true film addict will want to check out ?
you bet .
zani , exuber irrever anim space adventur .
dolgin and franco fashion a fascin portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eager and easili assimil as an all-american girl with a brand new name in southern tennesse .
the disarm cornbal atmospher has a way of infect the entir crowd as the film roll on .
a refresh honest and ultim touch tale of the sort of peopl usual ignor in contemporari american film .
search it out .
engross and affect , if ultim not quit satisfi .
the stori , like life , refus to be simpl , and the result is a compel slice of awkward emot .
a sli game of cat and mous that 's intens and thrill at time , but occasion stretch believ to it limit and reli on predict plot contriv .
funni and , at time , poignant , the film from director georg hickenloop all take place in pasadena , `` a citi where peopl still read . ''
this horror-comedi doe n't go for the usual obvious laugh at the expens of cheap-look monster -- unless you count elvira 's hooter .
the movi 's eventu success should be credit to denni quaid , in fight trim shape as an athlet as well as an actor
not a bad journey at all .
sit uneasili as a horror pictur ... but find surpris depth in it look at the bind of a small famili .
windtalk blow this way and that , but there 's no mistak the filmmak in the tall grass , true to himself .
there is a refresh absenc of cynic in stuart littl 2 -- quit a rariti , even in the famili film market .
eventu , it win you over .
noyc film it more as a shock histori lesson than as drama .
like a south-of-the-bord melros place .
those with an interest in new or singular sort of film experi will find what time is it there ?
well worth the time .
a wild funni prison caper .
huppert give erika a persona that is so intrigu that you find yourself stare hypnot at her , tri to understand her and wonder if she ll crack .
despit what anyon believ about the goal of it maker , the show ... repres a spectacular piec of theater , and there 's no deni the talent of the creativ forc behind it .
you ll be left with the sensat of have just wit a great perform and , perhap , give in to the urg to get on your feet and shake it .
the actor are so terrif at convey their young angst , we do inde feel for them .
the reason this pictur work better than it predecessor is that myer is no longer simpli spoof the mini-mod-mad of 60s spi movi .
it is a kickass , dens sci-fi action thriller hybrid that deliv and then some .
i have n't seen one in so long , no wonder i did n't recogn it at first .
a compel portrait of moral empti
in adobo , ethnic is not just the spice , but at the heart of more univers concern .
it is ridicul , of cours ... but it is also refresh , disarm , and just outright enjoy despit it ridicul .
... blade ii is more enjoy than the origin .
a film that take you insid the rhythm of it subject : you experi it as you watch .
the movi exist for it soccer action and it fine act .
the movi is save from unbear light by the simplic of the storytel and the authent of the perform .
the film start out as compet but unremark ... and gradual grow into someth of consider power .
noth deni has made befor , like beau travil and nenett et boni , could prepar us for this gori , pervert , sex-soak riff on the cannib genr .
reinforc the talent of screenwrit charli kaufman , creator of adapt and be john malkovich .
green deliv a typic solid perform in a role that is a bit of a departur from the nobl charact he has play in the past , and he is match by schweig , who carri the film on his broad , handsom shoulder .
find a way to tell a simpl stori , perhap the simplest stori of all , in a way that seem compel and even origin .
a stun piec of visual poetri that will , hope , be rememb as one of the most import stori to be told in australia 's film histori .
this is art pay homag to art .
... a joke at onc flaki and reson , lightweight and bizarr origin .
invinc is a wonder movi .
... a cute and sometim side-split funni blend of legal blond and drop dead gorgeous , star piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
dazzl and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnific that onli sex , scandal , and a chorus line of danger damsel can deliv .
occasion amateurish made but a winsom cast and nice dialogu keep it go .
japan 's premier stylist of sex and blood hit audienc with what may be his most dement film to date .
culkin , who 's in virtual everi scene , shine as a young man who use sarcast lie like a shield .
cut right through the b.s. give a big middle-fing `` shut up '' to those who talk up what is noth more than two guy beat the hell outta one anoth .
the am-radio soundtrack and game cast -- tierney and the inimit walken especi -- keep this unusu comedi from choke on it own conceit .
... doe such a fine job of engulf you in it world and alli you with it charact ' choic , good and ill , that it shortcom are rememb onli as an afterthought .
marvel , merri and , yes , melancholi film .
from spiritu rebirth to bruis defeat , vincent 's odyssey reson in a profound way , compar to the classic film of jean renoir .
novak manag to captur a cruelli hilari vein of black comedi in the situat with his cast of non-actor and a gritti , no-budget approach .
insomnia is involv .
still , i thought it could have been more .
there was time on that second round to see the subtleti of ramsay 's portrait of grief .
we can see the wheel turn , and we might resent it sometim , but this is still a nice littl pictur , made by bright and friend soul with a lot of good cheer .
a comprehens and provoc film -- one that push the boundari of biographi , and challeng it audienc .
the way coppola profess his love for movi -- both color pop junk and the classic that unequivoc qualifi as art -- is giddili entertain .
a worthwhil way to spend two hour .
francophil will snicker know and you ll want to slap them .
sensit , insight and beauti render film .
one of the best of the year .
a love for film shine through each frame and the era is recreat with obvious affect , score to perfect with some tasti boogaloo beat .
throw caution to the wind with an invit to the hedonist in us all , nair has construct this motion pictur in such a way that even the most cynic curmudgeon with find himself or herself smile at one time or anoth .
make an aborb if arguabl case for the man 's great .
an endless fascin , landmark movi that is as bold as anyth the cinema has seen in year .
... a haunt vision , with imag that seem more like disturb hallucin .
it is not a mass-market entertain but an uncompromis attempt by one artist to think about anoth .
frailti is n't as gori or explicit .
but in it child-cent , claustrophob context , it can be just as frighten and disturb -- even punish .
mix likeabl person , invent photographi and cut , and wall-to-wal toe-tap music to paint a pictur of a subcultur that is at onc exhilar , silli , pervers , hope and alway fun .
the long-rang appeal of `` minor report '' should transcend ani award it bag .
this is one for the age .
-lrb- a -rrb- superbl control , passion adapt of graham green 's 1955 novel .
much monkeyfun for all .
an enchant film that present an audaci tour of the past and take within it warm embrac the bounti of cultur artifact insid st. petersburg 's hermitag museum .
-lrb- hawn 's charact -rrb- is so blunt written , without a trace of sentiment , and so blister defin , that everi other charact seem overlook and underwritten .
the heighten symmetri of this new\/old cinema paradiso make the film a fuller experi , like an old friend haunt by the exig of time .
the power team has fashion a comedi with more laugh than mani , no question .
but this time there 's some mold on the gold .
while surpris sincer , this averag littl stori is adorn with some awesom action photographi and surf .
it is far from the worst , thank to the topic issu it rais , the perform of stewart and hardi , and that essenti featur -- a decent full-on space battl .
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
a pleasur jacked-up piec of action moviemak .
nicola philibert observ life insid a one-room schoolhous in northern franc in his documentari to be and to have , easili one of the best film of the year .
a pervers littl truffl , dainti psycholog terror on the outsid with a creami fill of famili jealousi and unrepent domest psychopathi .
this ecolog mind , wildlif friend film teach good ethic while entertain with it unconvent wacki but love famili
an enjoy half-wit remak of the vener italian comedi big deal on madonna street .
it take this never-end confus and hatr , put a human face on it , evok shame among all who are parti to it and even promot understand .
reign of fire may be littl more than anoth platter of reheat alien , but it 's still pretti tasti .
there are time when a rumor of angel play like an extend episod of touch by an angel -- a littl too much danc , a few too mani weep scene -- but i like it heart and it spirit .
two hour of melodramat music marri to two hour of underdog sport intrigu , if the pictur also share the weak of both genr , more 's the piti .
this cheeri , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozi feel of relax around old friend .
thrill , provoc and dark funni , this time sci-fi mysteri work on so mani differ level that it not onli invit , it demand repeat view .
a tale of horror and reveng that is near perfect in it relentless descent to the depth of one man 's tortur soul .
an epic of grandeur and scale that 's been decad gone from the popcorn push sound stage of hollywood .
genuin touch becaus it 's realist about all kind of love .
lauren ambros come aliv under the attent from two stranger in town - with honest perform and realist interact between the charact , this is a coming-of-ag stori with a twist .
there has been much puzzlement among critic about what the elect symbol .
i believ the messag is in the messeng : the agent is a woman .
an enjoy film for the famili , amus and cute for both adult and kid .
`` the mothman propheci '' is a difficult film to shake from your conscienc when night fall .
the second chapter of the harri potter seri is even more magic than the first and simpli the best famili film of the year .
more honest about alzheim 's diseas , i think , than iri .
the act alon is worth the price of admiss .
an excel romp that boast both a heart and a mind .
interact eyeball-to-eyebal and toe-to-to , hopkin and norton are a win combin -- but fienn steal ` red dragon ' right from under their nose .
this is a terrif charact studi , a probe into the life of a complex man .
impress you with it open-ended and surpris .
this is n't a narrat film -- i do n't know if it 's possibl to make a narrat film about septemb 11th , though i 'm sure some will tri -- but it 's as close as anyon has dare to come .
my oh my , is this an invigor , electr movi .
the two lead chomp consider more sceneri with their act than fire-breath monster barbecu with their breath ...
cedar take a veri open-mind approach to this sensit materi , show impress control , both visual and in the write .
biggi and tupac is so single-mind dare , it put far more polish documentari to shame .
so mani documentari like this presuppos religi bigotri or zealous nutti of it antagonist , but famili fundament display a rare gift for unflinch imparti .
the cast is uniform excel and relax .
after make sever adapt of other writer ' work , armenian-canadian director atom egoyan broach an origin treatment of a deepli person subject .
the film is pain authent , and the perform of the young player are utter convinc .
if it seem like a minor miracl that it septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmak 's son , more incred still are the clear-ey bold and quiet ironi with which actor and director take on life 's urgent question .
a candid and often fascin documentari about a pentecost church in dalla that assembl an elabor haunt hous each year to scare teenag into attend servic .
fan of the anim wildlif adventur show will be in warthog heaven other need not necessarili appli .
without resort to hyperbol , i can state that kiss jessica stein may be the best same-sex romanc i have seen .
nolan brave tread where few american film dare to delv -- into the world of ambival and ambigu ...
unlik the nauseat fiction peddl by such ` have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust ' movi as life is beauti and jakob the liar , the grey zone is honest enough to deni the possibl of hope in auschwitz .
a potent allegor love stori .
even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debat .
this is cool , slick stuff , readi to quench the thirst of an audienc that miss the summer blockbust .
the movi is full of fine perform , led by josef bierbichl as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helen weigel , his wife .
a captiv cross-cultur comedi of manner .
andi garcia enjoy one of his richest role in year and mick jagger give his best movi perform sinc , well , perform .
the movi is n't alway easi to look at .
but if it is inde a duti of art to reflect life , than leigh has creat a master piec of artistri right here .
it 's -lrb- ricci 's -rrb- best work yet , this girl-woman who sincer believ she can thwart the world 's miseri with blind good will .
highlight are the terrif perform by christoph plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crumml , the eccentr theater compani manag .
-lrb- howard -rrb- so good as leon barlow ... that he hard seem to be act .
superior genr storytel , which get under our skin simpli by cross the nuclear line .
by take entertain tonight subject matter and give it humor and poignanc , auto focus becom both gut-bust funni and crush depress .
it 's a bittersweet and lyric mix of element .
subvers , medit , clinic and poetic , the piano teacher is a dare work of genius .
the weakest of the four harri potter book has been transform into the stronger of the two film by the thinnest of margin .
it gross-out gag and color set piec ... are of cours stultifi contriv and too styliz by half .
still , it get the job done -- a sleepi afternoon rental .
it further declar it director , zhang yang of shower , as a bold experiment , contemporari stylist with a bright futur .
smith 's approach is never to teas , except gentl and in that way that make us consid our own eccentr and how they are express through our home .
full of profound , real-lif moment that anyon can relat to , it deserv a wide audienc .
a movi that will touch the heart of both children and adult , as well as bring audienc to the edg of their seat .
leav it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current techniqu to the servic of a vision of the past that is faith to both architectur glori and command open space of the citi as it was more than two centuri ago .
fine act but there is no sens of connect the dot , just dot .
an extraordinari swedish film about the soul adventur of marriag -- the kind of intim and character-driven film that bill august doe best .
a bless gift to film geek and historian .
if the ' 70 's were your idea of a good time at the movi , this will make you veri happi .
it took 19 predecessor to get this ?
thought , even sting at time , and lot of fun .
one of the most haunt , vicious honest coming-of-ag film in recent memori .
the wwii drama is well plot , visual strike and fill with enjoy complex charact who are never what they first appear .
it 's a pleasur to see seinfeld gripe about the biz with buddi chris rock , garri shandl and colin quinn .
if you love motown music , you ll love this documentari .
this time out , -lrb- sade -rrb- is an unsettl familiar figur -- in turn loyal and deceit , respons and reckless , idealist selfless and cold self-interest .
human resourc was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better .
it 's haunt .
it 's like a poem .
to the film 's credit , the act is fresh and unselfconsci , and munch is a marvel of realiti versus sappi sentiment .
chicago is , in mani way , an admir achiev .
shainberg weav a care balanc scenario that is control by neither charact , is weird sympathet to both and manag to be tender and dark comic .
even when foreign director ... borrow stuff from hollywood , they invari shake up the formula and make it more interest .
a cockamami tone poem pitch precipit between swooni lyric and violent catastroph ... the most aggress nerve-wrack and scream neurot romant comedi in cinema histori .
sturdi , entertain period drama ... both cain and fraser have their moment .
whether -lrb- binoch and magimel -rrb- are be charm or angst-ridden , they easili fill their scene and , fine judg both , never overcook the hysteria .
a spunki , origin take on a theme that will reson with singl of mani age .
it 's a glorious groov that leav you want more .
majidi get uniform engag perform from his larg amateur cast .
... a well-observ and disturb littl movi
fan of nijinski will savor everi minut of cox 's work .
everyth you love about it in 1982 is still there , for everybodi who want to be a kid again , or show it to their own kid .
jagger the actor is someon you want to see again .
escap in it purest form .
there is a kind of attent concern that hoffman bring to his charact , as if he has been give them privat lesson , and now it is time for their first public recit .
a comic gem with some serious sparkl .
u.s. audienc may find -lrb- attal and gainsbourg 's -rrb- unfamiliar persona give the film an intim and quaint realiti that is a littl closer to human natur than what hollywood typic concoct .
`` cremast 3 '' should come with the warn `` for serious film buff onli ! '' onc again , director jackson strike a reward balanc between emot on the human scale and action\/effect on the spectacular scale .
a love littl film of consider appeal .
although it 's a bit smug and repetit , this documentari engag your brain in a way few current film do .
flaw but worthi look at life in u.s. reloc camp .
it 's a love film with love perform by buy and accorsi .
no one goe unindict here , which is probabl for the best .
and if you re not near move to tear by a coupl of scene , you ve got ice water in your vein .
a warm , funni , engag film .
use sharp humor and insight into human natur to examin class conflict , adolesc yearn , the root of friendship and sexual ident .
half submarin flick , half ghost stori , all in one crimin neglect film
entertain by provid good , live compani .
dazzl with it fully-written charact , it determin stylish -lrb- which alway relat to charact and stori -rrb- and johnni dankworth 's best soundtrack in year .
visual imagin , themat instruct and thorough delight , it take us on a roller-coast ride from innoc to experi without even a hint of that typic kiddie-flick sentiment .
noth 's at stake , just a twisti double-cross you can smell a mile away -- still , the deriv nine queen is lot of fun .
unlik the speedi wham-bam effect of most hollywood offer , charact develop -- and more import , charact empathi -- is at the heart of italian for beginn .
you ll gasp appal and laugh outrag and possibl , watch the spectacl of a promis young lad tread desper in a nasti sea , shed an errant tear .
the band 's courag in the face of offici repress is inspir , especi for age hippi -lrb- this one includ -rrb- .
although german cook doe not come readili to mind when consid the world 's best cuisin , most martha could make deutchland a popular destin for hungri tourist .
a beguil splash of pastel color and prankish comedi from disney .
as surreal as a dream and as detail as a photograph , as visual dexter as it is at time imagin overwhelm .
-lrb- lawrenc bounc -rrb- all over the stage , danc , run , sweat , mop his face and general display the wacki talent that brought him fame in the first place .
the film serv as a valuabl time capsul to remind us of the devast horror suffer by an entir peopl .
what 's surpris about full frontal is that despit it overt self-awar , part of the movi still manag to break past the artific and thorough engag you .
whether you like rap music or loath it , you ca n't deni either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movi .
... an otherwis intens , twist-and-turn thriller that certain should n't hurt talent young gaghan 's resum .
it provid the grand , intellig entertain of a superior cast play smart peopl amid a compel plot .
there 's ... tremend energi from the cast , a sens of play and excit that seem appropri .
it move quick , adroit , and without fuss it doe n't give you time to reflect on the inan -- and the cold war dated -- of it premis .
a deep and meaning film .
the film 's welcom breezi and some unbeliev hilari moment -- most portray the idioci of the film industri -- make it most worth the trip .
it 's a remark solid and subt satir tour de forc .
enorm entertain for moviego of ani age .
a poignant , art craft medit on mortal .
a rariti among recent iranian film : it 's a comedi full of gentl humor that chide the absurd of it protagonist 's plight .
not onli is undercov brother as funni , if not more so , than both austin power film , but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoof to come along in some time .
in a way , the film feel like a breath of fresh air , but onli to those that allow it in .
woodi allen 's latest is an ambl , broad comedi about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movi biz .
it 's a stun lyric work of consider forc and truth .
the inhospit of the land emphas the spare precis of the narrat and help to give them an atavist power , as if they were tale that had been hand down sinc the begin of time .
-lrb- nas -rrb- direct the stage version of ell , and get fine perform from his two lead who origin the charact on stage .
made me unintent famous -- as the queasy-stomach critic who stagger from the theater and black out in the lobbi .
but believ it or not , it 's one of the most beauti , evoc work i ve seen .
a coda in everi sens , the pinochet case split time between a minute-by-minut account of the british court 's extradit chess game and the regim 's talking-head survivor .
like mike is a winner for kid , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movi to the list of thing he doe well .
-lrb- t -rrb- his beguil belgian fabl , veri much it own droll and delic littl film , has some touch thing to say about what is import in life and whi .
here 's yet anoth studio horror franchis muck up it storylin with glitch casual fan could correct in their sleep .
but taken as a stylish and energet one-shot , the queen of the damn can not be said to suck .
you wo n't like roger , but you will quick recogn him .
and that 's a big part of whi we go to the movi .
while the stoical deliv hokum of hart 's war is never fun , it 's still a worthi addit to the grow canon of post-sav privat ryan tribut to the greatest generat .
we know the plot 's a littl crazi , but it held my interest from start to finish .
a sober and affect chronicl of the level effect of loss .
a fast , funni , high enjoy movi .
a celebr of quirki , eccentr , and certain individu ' tendenc to let it all hang out , and damn the consequ .
writer\/director joe carnahan 's grimi crime drama is a manual of precinct clich , but it move fast enough to cover it clunki dialogu and laps in logic .
a smart , witti follow-up .
while the idea about techno-satur are far from novel , they re present with a wri dark humor .
an infecti cultur fabl with a tasti balanc of famili drama and frenet comedi .
although occasion static to the point of resembl a stage play , the film deliv a solid mixtur of sweet and laugh .
it provid an honest look at a communiti strive to anchor itself in new ground .
add yet anoth hat to a talent head , clooney 's a good director .
build slowli and subt , the film , sport a breezi spontan and realist drawn character , develop into a signific charact studi that is both move and wise .
ultim feel empti and unsatisfi , like swallow a communion wafer without the wine .
chill , well-act , and fine direct : david jacobson 's dahmer .
a swashbuckl tale of love , betray , reveng and abov all , faith .
without ever becom didact , director carlo carrera expert weav this novelist stori of entangl interrelationship and complex moral .
it 's a coming-of-ag stori we ve all seen bit of in other film -- but it 's rare been told with such affect grace and cultur specif .
a liter present that wonder weav a murder event in 1873 with murder rage in 2002 .
make even the claustrophob on-board quarter seem fun .
this is as respect a film as byatt fan could hope for , though lover of the book may wonder whi it 's necessari .
one of the best film of the year with it explor of the obstacl to happi face by five contemporari individu ... a psycholog masterpiec .
not far beneath the surfac , this reconfigur tale ask disturb question about those thing we expect from militari epic .
for the most part steven glide through on some solid perform and witti dialogu .
broomfield turn his distinct ` blunder ' style into someth that could realli help clear up the case .
against all odd in heaven and hell , it creep me out just fine .
it 's refresh to see a girl-pow movi that doe n't feel it has to prove anyth .
it 's worth see just on the basi of the wisdom , and at time , the startl optim , of the children .
a rigor structur and exquisit film drama about a father and son connect that is a brief shoot star of love .
this surreal gilliam-esqu film is also a troubl interpret of ecclesiast .
a reward work of art for onli the most patient and challenge-hungri moviego .
a quiet treasur -- a film to be savor .
may be far from the best of the seri , but it 's assur , wonder respect of it past and thrill enough to make it abund clear that this movi phenomenon has onc again reinvent itself for a new generat .
a compel spanish film about the wither effect of jealousi in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becom an obsess .
huston nail both the glad-hand and the choke sens of hollow despair .
may not have generat mani spark , but with his affect for astoria and it peopl he has given his tale a warm glow .
a deliri celebr of the femal orgasm .
exquisit nuanc in mood tic and dialogu , this chamber drama is superbl act by the deepli appeal veteran bouquet and the chill but quit human berl .
it 's fascin to see how bettani and mcdowel play off each other .
the film is beauti mount , but , more to the point , the issu are subt present , manag to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan 's mad .
leigh 's film is full of memor perform from top to bottom .
one of the most signific moviego pleasur of the year .
jose campanella deliv a loos autobiograph stori brush with sentiment but brim with gentl humor , bittersweet patho , and lyric moment that linger like snapshot of memori .
general , clockstopp will fulfil your wildest fantasi about be a differ kind of time travel , while happili kill 94 minut .
the movi is beauti to behold and engag one in a sens of epic struggl -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in hollywood 's hastier product .
neither parker nor donovan is a typic romant lead , but they bring a fresh , quirki charm to the formula .
it 's a much more emot journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movi , and gibson , step in for bruce willi , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
not onli are the special effect and narrat flow much improv , and daniel radcliff more emot assert this time around as harri , but the film conjur the magic of author j.k. rowl 's book .
jaglom ... put -lrb- s -rrb- the audienc in the privileg posit of eavesdrop on his charact
beauti observ , miracul unsentiment comedy-drama .
a must-se for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyon who appreci intellig , stylish moviemak .
crackerjack entertain -- nonstop romanc , music , suspens and action .
the act , costum , music , cinematographi and sound are all astound given the product 's auster local .
garcia bernal and talancon are an immens appeal coupl , and even though their stori is predict , you ll want thing to work out .
far more imagin and ambiti than the trivial , cash-in featur nickelodeon has made from it other anim tv seri .
the veri definit of the ` small ' movi , but it is a good step stone for director sprecher .
a grip , sear portrait of a lost soul tri to find her way through life .
suffer from the lack of a compel or comprehens narrat .
still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpass .
so unassum and pure of heart , you ca n't help but warm extend your arm and yell ` safe ! '
an intrigu cinemat omnibus and round-robin that occasion is more interest in concept than in execut .
so refresh incis is grant that for the first time he ll probabl appeal more to guy than to their girlfriend who drag them to this movi for the hugh factor .
at a time when half the so-cal real movi are littl more than live-act cartoon , it 's refresh to see a cartoon that know what it is , and know the form 's histori .
the magic of the film lie not in the mysteri spring but in the rich of it perform .
hoffman notch in the nuanc of pain , but his smart , edgi voic and waddl profil -lrb- emphas here -rrb- accent the humor of wilson 's plight , and that save his patho from drippi .
what better messag than ` love thyself ' could young women of ani size receiv ?
the second come of harri potter is a film far superior to it predecessor .
a movi that success crush a best sell novel into a timefram that mandat that you avoid the godzilla size soda .
84 minut of roll music back beat and supercharg cartoon warfar .
it 's also , clear , great fun .
... take the beauti of basebal and meld it with a stori that could touch anyon regardless of their familiar with the sport
seldahl 's barbara is a precis and move portrait of someon whose world is turn upsid down , first by passion and then by ill .
a warm but realist medit on friendship , famili and affect .
byler reveal his charact in a way that intrigu and even fascin us , and he never reduc the situat to simpl melodrama .
turn potenti forgett formula into someth strang divert .
bogdanovich tantal by offer a peep show into the live of the era 's creme de la celluloid .
peopl cinema at it finest .
the perform take the movi to a higher level .
what realli make it special is that it pull us into it world , give us a hero whose suffer and triumph we can share , surround him with interest charact and send us out of the theater feel we ve share a great adventur .
... a spoof comedi that carri it share of laugh -- sometim a chuckl , sometim a guffaw and , to my great pleasur , the occasion belli laugh .
manag to transcend the sex , drug and show-tun plot into someth far richer .
dens with charact and contain some thrill moment .
lapaglia 's abil to convey grief and hope work with weaver 's sensit reaction to make this a two-actor master class .
reign of fire look as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watch that way .
altogeth , this is success as a film , while at the same time be a most touch reconsider of the familiar masterpiec .
we root for -lrb- clara and paul -rrb- , even like them , though perhap it 's an emot closer to piti .
the best film about basebal to hit theater sinc field of dream .
instead of a hyperbol beat-charg urban western , it 's an unpretenti , sociolog point slice of life .
the film tune into a grief that could lead a man across centuri .
if the count of mont cristo doe n't transform caviezel into a movi star , then the game is even more rig than it was two centuri ago .
-lrb- d -rrb- oe n't bother be as cloy or preachi as equival evangel christian movi -- mayb the filmmak know that the like audienc will alreadi be among the faith .
as a toler divers , the film suffic a triumph , howev , it is not .
if director michael dows onli superfici understand his charact , he doe n't hold them in contempt .
if your tast run to ` difficult ' film you absolut ca n't miss it .
-lrb- citi -rrb- remind us how realist nuanc a robert de niro perform can be when he is not more lucrat engag in the shameless self-caricatur of ` analyz this ' -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and ` analyz that , ' promis -lrb- or threaten -rrb- for later this year .
... a stori we have n't seen on the big screen befor , and it 's a stori that we as american , and human be , should know .
like leon , it 's frustrat and still odd likabl .
all in all , the count of mont cristo is okay , but it is sure no classic , like the novel upon which it is base .
if you can stomach the rough content , it 's worth check out for the perform alon .
look aristocrat , lumin yet careworn in jane hamilton 's exemplari costum , rampl give a perform that could not be improv upon . '
... mafia , rap star and hood rat butt their ugli head in a regurgit of cinemat violenc that give brutal birth to an unlik , but likabl , hero . '
on this tricki topic , tadpol is veri much a step in the right direct , with it blend of frank , civil and compass .
fun , flip and terribl hip bit of cinemat entertain .
montia ... pump a lot of energi into his nice nuanc narrat and surround himself with a cast of quirki -- but not stereotyp -- street charact .
fall neat into the categori of good stupid fun .
the film 's perform are thrill .
even in it most tedious scene , russian ark is mesmer .
the continu good chemistri between carmen and juni is what keep this slight disappoint sequel go , with enough amus banter -- bless curse-fre -- to keep both kid and parent entertain .
reggio 's continu visual barrag is absorb as well as thought-provok .
unfortun , it appear that -lrb- jacki -rrb- chan 's us influenc is start to show in his hong kong film .
it all add up to good fun .
a big , gorgeous , sprawl swashbuckl that deliv it divers in grand , uncompl fashion .
the wanton slipperi of \* corpus and it amiabl jerk and reshap of physic time and space would make it a great piec to watch with kid and use to introduc video as art .
a stun and overwhelm cogent case for kissing as a calcul war crimin .
sade is an engag look at the controversi eponym and fierc atheist hero .
a quiet , pure , ellipt film
kinnear doe n't aim for our sympathi , but rather deliv a perform of strike skill and depth .
the subtl strength of `` ell '' is that it never lose touch with the realiti of the grim situat .
a studi in shade of gray , offer itself up in subtl plot maneuv ...
the format get use best ... to captur the dizzi height achiev by motocross and bmx rider , whose ballet hotdog occasion end in bone-crush screwup .
has a lot of the virtu of eastwood at his best .
chill but uncommerci look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .
though it 's becom almost redund to say so , major kudo go to leigh for actual cast peopl who look working-class .
it deserv to be seen by anyon with even a pass interest in the event shape the world beyond their own horizon .
a movi that remind us of just how excit and satisfi the fantasi cinema can be when it 's approach with imagin and flair .
thank to scott 's charismat roger and eisenberg 's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compel variat on in the compani of men .
nine queen is not onli than a frighten capabl debut and genr piec , but also a snapshot of a danger polit situat on the verg of come to a head .
it 's the chemistri between the women and the droll scene-st wit and wolfish pessim of anna chancellor that make this `` two wed and a funer '' fun .
will amus and provok adventur adult in specialti venu .
you do n't have to know about music to appreci the film 's easygo blend of comedi and romanc .
a film about a young man find god that is access and touch to the marrow .
for the first time in year , de niro dig deep emot , perhap becaus he 's been stir by the power work of his co-star .
the film 's snag and stumbl are more than compens for by it wryli subvers tone .
insid the film 's conflict-pow plot there is a decent moral tri to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keep you in your seat .
affleck and jackson are good spar partner .
the old-world - meets-new mesh is incarn in the movi 's soundtrack , a joy effus of disco bollywood that , by the end of monsoon wed , sent my spirit soar out of the theater .
an effect creepi , fear-induc -lrb- not fear-reduc -rrb- film from japanes director hideo nakata , who take the superstiti curs on chain letter and actual appli it .
have had the good sens to cast actor who are , general speak , ador by the movie-go public , khouri then get terrif perform from them all .
a subtl and well-craft -lrb- for the most part -rrb- chiller .
warm water under a red bridg is a quirki and poignant japanes film that explor the fascin connect between women , water , natur , and sexual .
although lace with humor and a few fanci touch , the film is a refresh serious look at young women .
the best reveng may just be live well becaus this film , unlik other duma adapt , is far more liken to a treasur than a lengthi jail sentenc .
a delect and intrigu thriller fill with surpris , read my lip is an origin .
this is a stori of two misfit who do n't stand a chanc alon , but togeth they are magnific .
highbrow self-appoint guardian of cultur need not appli , but those who love cool as ice have at last found a worthi follow-up .
one of creepiest , scariest movi to come along in a long , long time , easili rival blair witch or the other .
maud and roland 's search for an unknow past make for a haunt literari detect stori , but labut pull off a neater trick in possess : he make languag sexi .
pacino is brilliant as the sleep-depriv dormer , his increas weari as much existenti as it is physic .
rare bird has more than enough charm to make it memor .
manag to be sweet and wick satisfi at the same time .
this nicklebi thing might have more homosexu underton than an eddi murphi film .
and just when you think it ca n't get ani more gay , in pop nathan lane .
no sophomor slump for director sam mend , who segu from oscar winner to oscar-win potenti with a smooth sleight of hand .
the movi is n't just hilari : it 's witti and invent , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb .
old-form moviemak at it best .
ahhhh ... reveng is sweet !
yakusho and shimizu ... creat engag character in imamura 's live and enjoy cultur mix .
you will emerg with a clearer view of how the gear of justic grind on and the death report come to share airtim alongsid the farm report .
ruzowitzki has taken this mothball-i stuff and made a rather sturdi , old-fashion entertain out of it .
in spite of good housekeep 's unsavori charact and wwf mental , this white trash war of the rose is a surpris engag film .
collater damag final deliv the good for schwarzenegg fan .
there has alway been someth likabl about the marqui de sade .
as a first-tim director , paxton has tap someth in himself as an actor that provid frailti with it dark soul .
for the most part , director anne-sophi birot 's first featur is a sensit , extraordinarili well-act drama .
by the time we learn that andrew 's turnabout is fair play is everi bit as aw as borchardt 's coven , we can enjoy it anyway .
this rivet world war ii moral suspens stori deal with the shadow side of american cultur : racial prejudic in it ugli and divers form .
a tender , heartfelt famili drama .
a difficult , absorb film that manag to convey more substanc despit it repetit and inconsist than do most film than are far more point and clear .
for the most part , it 's a work of incendiari genius , steer clear of knee-jerk reaction and quick solut .
it has the charm of the origin american road movi , feast on the gorgeous , ramshackl landscap of the filmmak 's motherland .
-lrb- chaiken 's -rrb- talent lie in an evoc , accur observ of a distinct milieu and in the live , convinc dialogu she creat for her charact .
in all , this is a watchabl movi that 's not quit the memor experi it might have been .
huppert 's superbl control display of murder vulner ensur that malic has a veri human face .
my thought were focus on the charact .
that is a compliment to kura and miller .
if i had been think about the visual medium , they would have been do someth wrong .
one of the more intellig children 's movi to hit theater this year .
rememb the kind of movi we were hope `` eck vs. sever '' or `` xxx '' was go to be ?
this is it .
not for the prurient or squeamish , it 's a dare if overlong examin of an idol cultur , self-loath and sexual polit .
a cartoon that 's truli cinemat in scope , and a stori that 's compel and heartfelt -- even if the heart belong to a big , four-leg herbivor .
the film 's almost unbear portrait of sad and grief transcend it specif stori to speak to the way in which need , histori and presumpt tangl , and sometim destroy , blood tie .
travel a fascin arc from hope and euphoria to realiti and disillusion .
there 's someth auspici , and dare , too , about the artist instinct that push a majority-ori director like steven spielberg to follow a.i. with this challeng report so liabl to unnerv the major .
for anyon unfamiliar with pentacost practic in general and theatric phenomenon of hell hous in particular , it 's an eye-open .
it seem like i have been wait my whole life for this movi and now i ca n't wait for the sequel .
it 's a bit disappoint that it onli manag to be decent instead of dead brilliant .
an operat , sprawl pictur that 's entertain act , magnific shot and grip enough to sustain most of it 170-minut length .
the far futur may be awesom to consid , but from period detail to matter of the heart , this film is most transport when it stay put in the past .
it inspir a continu and deepli satisfi awar of the best movi as monument ` pictur show . '
awesom creatur , breathtak sceneri , and epic battl scene add up to anoth ` spectacular spectacl . '
by candid detail the polit involv in the creation of an extraordinari piec of music , -lrb- jone -rrb- call our attent to the inher conflict between commerc and creativ .
it 's unnerv to see reco 's bizzarr reaction to his unemploy .
good film , but veri glum .
much as we might be interest in gratuit sexual , hanek has a differ object in mind -- name the implic of our crave for fake stimul .
dazzl in it complex , disturb for it extraordinari theme , the piano teacher is a film that defi categoris .
it haunt , horrifi , startl and fascin it is imposs to look away .
ah yes , and then there 's the music ...
it has charm to spare , and unlik mani romant comedi , it doe not alien either gender in the audienc .
although jackson is doubtless reserv the darkest hour for the return of the king , we long for a greater sens of urgenc in the here and now of the two tower .
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddi gerald bounc off a quirki cast of charact .
bleak funni , it charact all the more touch for refus to piti or memori themselv .
it will not appeal to the impati , but those who like long book and movi will admir the way it accumul power and depth .
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleas as a documentari can get .
`` the ring '' is pretti much an english-languag copi of the film that inspir it , and it carri the same strength and flaw .
the wild thornberri movi is a jolli surpris .
griffith prove she 's that rare luminari who continu rais the standard of her profess .
pranc his way through the tailor-mad part of a male hooker approach the end of his vital , jagger obvious relish everi self-mock moment .
offer much to enjoy ... and a lot to mull over in term of love , loyalti and the natur of stay friend .
an import movi , a remind of the power of film to move us and to make us examin our valu .
is this love or is it masoch ?
binoch make it interest tri to find out .
the mesmer perform of the lead keep the film ground and keep the audienc rivet .
worth watch for dong jie 's perform -- and for the way it document a cultur in the throe of rapid chang .
two hour fli by -- opera 's a pleasur when you do n't have to endur intermiss -- and even a novic to the form come away exhilar .
it 's one heck of a charact studi -- not of hearst or davi but of the uniqu relationship between them .
candid camera on methamphetamin .
a subject like this should inspir reaction in it audienc the pianist doe not .
equilibrium is what georg orwel might have imagin had today 's mood-alt drug therapi been envis by chemist in 1949 .
creepi , authent and dark .
this disturb bio-pic is hard to forget .
martin and barbara are complex charact -- sometim tender , sometim angri -- and the delic perform by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hope and frustrat vivid .
a twisti , moodi slice of southern gothic ...
it 's so good that you can practic see the hollywood ` suit ' tri to put togeth the cast and filmmak team for the all-too - inevit american remak .
the weight of the piec , the uner profession of the chilli product , and the fascin embed in the lurid topic prove recommend enough .
an absurdist comedi about alien , separ and loss .
` they ' begin and end with scene so terrifi i 'm still stun .
and i ve decid to leav a light on everi night from now on .
this tenth featur is a big deal , inde -- at least the third-best , and mayb even a notch abov the previous runner-up , nichola meyer 's star trek vi : the undiscov countri .
... with `` the bourn ident '' we return to the more tradit action genr .
beneath cloud is a succinct low-budget film whose compel charact and intellig script are exact what was miss from rabbit-proof fenc .
the film is a contriv , as artifici as the video game japanes teen play in a nightclub sequenc , but it 's an enjoy one .
holm ... embodi the charact with an effortless regal charisma .
it is amus , and that 's all it need to be .
among the year 's most intrigu explor of alient .
a full world has been present onscreen , not some seri of care structur plot point build to a pat resolut .
seldom has a movi so close match the spirit of a man and his work .
audrey tatou has a knack for pick role that magnifi her outrag charm , and in this liter french comedi , she 's as morning-glori exuber as she was in ameli .
the movi has an infecti exuber that will engag anyon with a pass interest in the skate\/surf cultur , the l.a. beach scene and the imagin -lrb- and sometim illeg -rrb- way kid can make a playground out of the refus of adult .
even if you do n't think -lrb- kissing 's -rrb- ani more guilti of crimin activ than most contemporari statesmen , he 'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
the stori and structur are well-hon .
fresnadillo 's dark and jolt imag have a way of pli into your subconsci like the nightmar you had a week ago that wo n't go away .
it 's made with deft unsettl genr flair .
it just may inspir a few younger moviego to read stevenson 's book , which is a treasur in and of itself .
funni but peril slight .
overal veri good for what it 's tri to do .
forgett horror -- more gori than psycholog -- with a high satisfi quotient of friday-night excit and milla power .
ramsay , as in ratcatch , remain a filmmak with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teas chilli poetri out of live and set that might otherwis seem drab and sordid .
it may seem long at 110 minut if you re not a fan , becaus it includ segment of 12 song at a reunion concert .
a lean , deft shot , well-act , weird retro thriller that recal a raft of 60s and 70s european-set spi pictur .
it prove quit compel as an intens , brood charact studi .
the son 's room is a triumph of gentil that earn it moment of patho .
morton use her face and her bodi languag to bring us morvern 's soul , even though the charact is almost complet deadpan .
the film may appear nake in it narrat form ... but it goe deeper than that , to fundament choic that includ the complex of the cathol doctrin
a superbl act and funny\/gritti fabl of the human of one woman at the hand of the unseen forc of fate .
one of the smartest take on singl cultur i ve seen in a long time .
there is a fabric of complex idea here , and feel that profound deepen them .
cq 's reflect of artist and the love of cinema-and-self suggest noth less than a new voic that deserv to be consid as a possibl successor to the best european director .
the emot are raw and will strike a nerv with anyon who 's ever had famili trauma .
holi mad maniac in a mask , splat-man !
good old-fashion slash-and-hack is back !
as unseem as it titl suggest .
the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlik the american , who have a passion for musket , onli to spoof them .
the fly-on-the-wal method use to document rural french school life is a refresh departur from the now more preval techniqu of the docu-mak be a visibl part of their work .
it 's an offbeat treat that poke fun at the democrat exercis while also examin it signific for those who take part .
allow us to hope that nolan is pois to embark a major career as a commerci yet invent filmmak .
maneuv skill through the plot 's hot brine -- until it 's undon by the soggi of it contemporari charact , and actor .
it has the abil to offend and put off everyon , but it hold you with it outrag .
anchor by friel and william 's except perform , the film 's power lie in it complex .
noth is black and white .
it 's a charm and often affect journey .
no screen fantasy-adventur in recent memori has the showmanship of clone ' last 45 minut .
a poignant and compel stori about relationship , food of love take us on a bumpi but satisfi journey of the heart .
the chateau clever probe the cross-cultur differ between gaul and yank .
not sinc tom cruis in riski busi has an actor made such a strong impress in his underwear .
asid from minor tinker , this is the same movi you probabl love in 1994 , except that it look even better .
use high comedi to evok surpris poignanc .
it confirm fincher 's status as a film maker who art bend technic know-how to the servic of psycholog insight .
vera 's three actor -- MollÃ  , gil and bardem -- excel in insight , empathet perform .
a marvel like none you ve seen .
with tight organ effici , numer flashback and a constant edg of tension , miller 's film is one of 2002 's involv adult surpris .
mr. tsai is a veri origin artist in his medium , and what time is it there ?
should be seen at the veri least for it spasm of absurdist humor .
writer\/director mark romanek spotlight the under cast system in america .
it 's a scath portray .
this is a good script , good dialogu , funni even for adult .
the charact are interest and often veri creativ construct from figur to backstori .
the film will play equal well on both the standard and giant screen .
moodi , heartbreak , and film in a natur , unforc style that make it charact seem entir convinc even when it script is not .
not a film to rival to live , but a fine littl amuse-bouch to keep your appetit whet .
true tale of courag -- and complic -- at auschwitz is a harrow drama that tri to tell of the unspeak .
give you the steadi puls of life in a beauti citi view through the eye of a charact who , in spite of tragic loss and increas decrepitud , know in his bone that he is one of the luckiest men aliv .
macdowel , whose wifti southern charm has anchor lighter affair ... bring an absolut rivet convict to her role .
what time is it there ?
is not easi .
it haunt you , you ca n't forget it , you admir it concept and are abl to resolv some of the confus you had while watch it .
if you are an actor who can relat to the search for inner peac by dramat depict the live of other onstag , then esther 's stori is a compel quest for truth .
although the level of the comedi declin as the movi proceed , there 's no deni the fun of watch de niro and crystal have fun .
claud chabrol has here a thriller without thrill , but that 's okay .
for movi lover as well as opera lover , tosca is a real treat .
unflinch bleak and desper
moretti 's compel anatomi of grief and the difficult process of adapt to loss .
challeng , intermitt engross and unflag creativ .
but it 's too long and too convolut and it end in a muddl .
the vivid lead perform sustain interest and empathi , but the journey is far more interest than the final destin .
a pain funni ode to bad behavior .
` easili my choic for one of the year 's best film . '
charl ' entertain film chronicl seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedi after the wrap of his legendari sitcom , alongsid wannab comic adam ' attempt to get his shot at the big time .
that dog good will of the parent and ` vain ' jia 's defoli of ego , make the film touch despit some doldrum .
the movi is for fan who ca n't stop love anim , and the fanat excess built into it .
the volatil dynam of femal friendship is the subject of this unhurri , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seem posit french in it rhythm and reson .
a dens construct , high referenti film , and an audaci return to form that can comfort sit among jean-luc godard 's finest work .
michael gerbosi 's script is econom pack with tell scene .
a strang compel and brilliant act psycholog drama .
candid and comfort a film that deft balanc action and reflect as it let you grasp and feel the passion other have for their work .
open-mind kid -- kid who read , kid who dream -- will be comfort by the way it deal with big issu like death and destini .
bennett 's naturalist perform speak volum more truth than ani ` realiti ' show , and anybodi contempl their own drastic life chang should watch some bodi first .
... a good , if not entir fresh , look at war .
the film is power , access and funni .
you wo n't miss it messag , but you ll be entertain as well .
`` frailti '' start out like a typic bibl killer stori , but it turn out to be signific differ -lrb- and better -rrb- than most film with this theme .
if you dig on david mamet 's mind trick ... rent this movi and enjoy !
the primit forc of this film seem to bubbl up from the vast collect memori of the combat .
it 's like watch a nightmar made flesh .
it is the sheer , selfish , wound-lick , bar-scrap dogged of leon 's struggl to face and transmut his demon that make the movi a spirit and touch occas , despit it patchi construct .
a gorgeous , high-spirit music from india that exquisit blend music , danc , song , and high drama .
it 's hard to imagin alan arkin be better than he is in this perform .
for those who pride themselv on sophist , discern tast , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , howev it is almost guarante that even the stuffiest cinema goer will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
despit the 2-d anim , the wild thornberri movi make for a surpris cinemat experi .
... a fun littl timewast , help especi by the cool presenc of jean reno .
-lrb- majidi -rrb- make us think twice about immigr we see around us everi day .
though onli 60 minut long , the film is pack with inform and impress .
i have no way of know exact how much is exagger , but i ve got a creepi feel that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believ .
immers us in the endless invent , fierc competit world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensat and revelatori , even if scratch make you itch .
further proof that the epicent of cool , beauti , thought-provok foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middl of dubya 's axi of evil .
there 's realli onli one good idea in this movi , but the director run with it and present it with an unforgett visual panach .
a simpl , but gritti and well-act ensembl drama that encompass a potent metaphor for a countri still deal with it fascist past .
love and poignant .
put a human face on a land most western are unfamiliar with .
i ca n't say that i like homeboy it 'd be more accur to say that i found it intrigu , bizarr , dogma-lik in spot - and quit truth , in it way .
display about equal amount of naivet , passion and talent , beneath cloud establish sen as a filmmak of consider potenti .
the vital of the actor keep the intens of the film high , even as the strafe blend togeth .
not sinc japanes filmmak akira kurosawa 's ran have the savageri of combat and the specter of death been visual with such operat grandeur .
we learn a lot about die coral and see a lot of life on the reef .
if the first men in black was money , the second is small chang .
but it still jingl in the pocket .
it 's fun lite .
passabl entertain , but it 's the kind of motion pictur that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's releas , and will not be rememb long afterward .
i just love everi minut of this film .
this is a win ensembl comedi that show canadian can put gentl laugh and equal gentl sentiment on the button , just as easili as their counterpart anywher els in the world .
just as move , uplift and funni as ever .
my wife is an actress is an utter charm french comedi that feel so american in sensibl and style it 's virtual it own hollywood remak .
it will grip even viewer who are n't interest in rap , as it cut to the heart of american societi in an unnerv way .
a muckrak job , the cinemat equival of a legal indict , and a fair effect one at that .
a tender , witti , captiv film about friendship , love , memori , trust and loyalti .
belong to daniel day-lewi as much as it belong to martin scorses it 's a memor perform in a big , brassi , disturb , unusu and high success film .
an exhilar futurist thriller-noir , minor report twist the best of technolog around a grip stori , deliv a rivet , puls intensifi escapist adventur of the first order
a psycholog thriller with a genuin spooki premis and an above-averag cast , actor bill paxton 's direct debut is a creepi slice of gothic rural americana .
while local will get a kick out of spot cleveland site , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-pac comedi with quirk that might make the award-win coen brother envious .
pumpkin take an admir look at the hypocrisi of polit correct , but it doe so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor end and tragedi begin .
if you re hard up for raunchi colleg humor , this is your ticket right here .
few film captur so perfect the hope and dream of littl boy on basebal field as well as the grown men who sit in the stand .
corni , schmaltzi and predict , but still manag to be kind of heartwarm , nonetheless .
it 's the perfect kind of film to see when you do n't want to use your brain .
at all .
while it regard 1967 as the key turn point of the 20th centuri , and return again and again to imag of dissid in the street , it 's alarm current .
featur debut d.j. caruso direct a crack ensembl cast , bring screenwrit toni gayton 's narcot noir to life .
everi danc becom about seduct , where backstab and betray are celebr , and sex is currenc .
harri command the screen , use his frailti to suggest the ravag of a life of corrupt and ruthless .
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bate play desmond 's legal eagl , and when join by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloqu quartet loll in pretti irish set is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis .
director of photographi benoit delhomm shot the movi in delici color , and the costum and set are grand .
the movi 's relat simpl plot and uncompl moral play well with the affabl cast .
the film is quiet , threaten and unforgett .
this illumin documentari transcend our preconceiv vision of the holi land and it inhabit , reveal the human complex beneath .
deliri funni , fast and loos , access to the uniniti , and full of surpris
trademark american trite and simplic are toss out the window with the intellig french drama that deft explor the difficult relationship between a father and son .
one from the heart .
more concern with sade 's idea than with his action .
the movi achiev as great an impact by keep these thought hidden as ... -lrb- quill -rrb- did by show them .
an entertain , color , action-fil crime stori with an intim heart .
while undisput is n't exact a high , it is a grip , tidi littl movi that take mr. hill higher than he 's been in a while .
the most compel wiseman epic of recent year .
the socio-histo-polit treatis is told in earnest stride ... -lrb- and -rrb- person illus is deconstruct with poignanc .
it 's great escapist fun that recreat a place and time that will never happen again .
good car chase , great fight scene , and a distinct blend of european , american and asian influenc .
liotta put on 30 pound for the role , and has complet transform himself from his smooth , goodfella imag .
a woman 's pic direct with reson by ilya chaiken .
-lrb- grant 's -rrb- bumbl magic take over the film , and it turn out to be anoth win star vehicl .
... brian de palma is utter mad : cinema mad , set-piec mad , style mad .
it 's a beauti mad .
general provid it target audienc of youngster enough stimul eye and ear candi to make it moral medicin go down .
there are some wonder fresh moment that smooth the moral stiff with human kind and hope .
a grim compet and stolid and earnest militari courtroom drama .
escap the studio , piccoli is warm affect and so is this adroit minimalist movi .
veri psychoanalyt -- provoc so -- and also refresh literari .
a gorgeous , witti , seduct movi .
the special effect and mani scene of weightless look as good or better than in the origin , while the oscar-win sound and jame horner 's rous score make good use of the hefti audio system .
on the heel of the ring come a similar moros and humorless horror movi that , although flaw , is to be commend for it straight-ahead approach to creepi .
with rabbit-proof fenc , noyc has tailor an epic tale into a lean , econom movi .
-lrb- a -rrb- n utter charm and hilari film that remind me of the best of the disney comedi from the 60s .
preach to two complet differ choir at the same time , which is a pretti amaz accomplish .
thank to hayn ' absolut control of the film 's mood , and buoy by three terrif perform , far from heaven actual pull off this stylist juggl act .
birthday girl is an amus joy ride , with some surpris violent moment .
more romant , more emot and ultim more satisfi than the teary-ey origin .
an appeal juvenil trifl that deliv it share of laugh and smile .
writer-director 's mehta 's effort has ton of charm and the whimsi is in the mixtur , the intox masala , of cultur and film genr .
the draw -lrb- for `` big bad love '' -rrb- is a solid perform by arliss howard .
it get onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reason expect , and is engross and move in it own right .
the terrif and bewild underr campbel scott give a star perform that is noth short of mesmer .
cool ?
this movi is a snow emerg .
like mike is n't interest in recycl old clich .
it want to tweak them with a tast of tangi new humor .
smith is care not to make fun of these curious owner of architectur odditi .
instead , he show them the respect they are due .
a mess when it come to the charact and write ... but work it way underneath the skin like few movi have in recent memori .
drop you into a dizzi , volatil , pressure-cook of a situat that quick snowbal out of control , while focus on the what much more than the whi .
zhang ... has done an amaz job of get realist perform from his main nonprofession cast .
a solid examin of the male midlif crisi .
if you re in the mood for a bollywood film , here 's one for you .
as the two lead , lathan and digg are charm and have chemistri both as friend and lover .
a beguil , slow-mov parabl about the collis of past and present on a remot seacoast in iran .
my big fat greek wed use stereotyp in a delight blend of sweet romanc and love dish out humor .
kept aloft larg by a comic adept ensembl .
the sort of film that make me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimist that there 's hope for popular cinema yet .
first-tim writer-director serri show a remark gift for storytel with this move , effect littl film .
it cut to the core of what it actual mean to face your fear , to be a girl in a world of boy , to be a boy truli in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphor wave that is life -- wherev it take you .
atom egoyan has conjur up a multilay work that tackl ani number of fascin issu
essenti an except well-written , well-edit , well-direct , well-act , bald rip-off of alien .
` de niro ... is a verit sourc of sincer passion that this hollywood contriv orbit around . '
the whole is quit entertain , but despit it virtu , there is an unsettl feel to the film .
while it care pace and seem opaqu stori may not satisfi everi moviego 's appetit , the film 's final scene is soar , transpar move .
hard a masterpiec , but it introduc viewer to a good charit enterpris and some interest real peopl .
base on a devilish witti script by heather mcgowan and niel mueller , the film get great laugh , but never at the expens of it charact
it 's somewhat clumsi and too letharg pace -- but it stori about a mysteri creatur with psychic abil offer a solid build-up , a terrif climax , and some nice chill along the way .
if you ve ever wonder what an end without the input of studio execut or test audienc would look like , here it is .
excit and direct , with ghost imageri that show just enough to keep us on our toe .
whether writer-director ann fontain 's film is a ghost stori , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memori lane , all three or none of the abov , it is as seduct as it is haunt .
what the film lack in general focus it make up for in compass , as corcuera manag to find the seed of hope in the form of collect action .
if you enjoy more thought comedi with interest conflict charact this one is for you .
the qualiti of the art combin with the humor and intellig of the script allow the filmmak to present the biblic messag of forgiv without it ever becom preachi or syrupi .
this film seem thirsti for reflect , itself take on adolesc qualiti .
anoth one of those estrogen overdos movi like `` divin secret of the ya ya sisterhood , '' except that the write , act and charact develop are a lot better .
a breezi romant comedi that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offer except well-detail charact .
a romant comedi enrich by a sharp eye for manner and more .
viewer of `` the ring '' are more like to rememb the haunt imag than the plot hole .
a delight coming-of-ag stori .
one of those energet surpris , an origin that pleas almost everyon who see it .
an exquisit craft and act tale .
a taut psycholog thriller that doe n't wast a moment of it two-hour run time .
jone ... doe offer a brutal form of charisma .
despit it titl , punch-drunk love is never heavy-hand .
the jab it employ are short , care place and dead-cent .
there 's a wick subvers bent to the best part of birthday girl .
like to expert drum up repress teenag memori in ani viewer .
blanchett 's perform confirm her power onc again .
... a magnific drama well worth track down .
a good piec of work more often than not .
the movi understand like few other how the depth and breadth of emot intimaci give the physic act all of it mean and most of it pleasur .
what distinguish time of favor from countless other thriller is it under concern with the consequ of word and with the complic emot fuel terrorist act .
smart , provoc and blister funni .
noth is sacr in this gut-bust .
the movi occasion threaten to becom didact , but it 's too ground in the realiti of it charact to go over the edg .
a touch of humor or an unexpect plot twist alway pull it back .
filmmak who can deft chang mood are treasur and even marvel .
so , too , is this comedi about mild cultur clash in today 's new delhi .
if steven soderbergh 's ` solari ' is a failur it is a glorious failur .
`` most martha '' is a bright , light modern day famili parabl that wear it heart on it sleev for all to see .
it 's a scattershot affair , but when it hit it mark it 's brilliant .
a pleasant enough romanc with intellectu underpin , the kind of movi that entertain even as it turn madden predict .
featur a danger seduct perform from the great daniel auteuil , `` sade '' cover the same period as kaufmann 's `` quill '' with more unsettl realist result .
a spellbind african film about the modern condit of rootless , a state experienc by million around the globe .
it 's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his messag that he can improvis like a jazzman .
a moodi , multi-dimension love stori and sci-fi mysteri , solari is a thought-provok , haunt film that allow the seed of the imagin to germin .
a veri well-mad , funni and entertain pictur .
a giggle-induc comedi with snappi dialogu and win perform by an unlik team of oscar-winn : susan sarandon and goldi hawn .
it maker , steven spielberg , has n't had so much fun in two decad , sinc he was schlep indiana jone around the globe in search of a giant misplac ashtray .
oscar wild 's masterpiec , the import of be earnest , may be the best play of the 19th centuri .
it 's so good that it relentless , polish wit can withstand not onli inept school product , but even oliv parker 's movi adapt .
the movi doe a good job of lay out some of the major issu that we encount as we journey through life .
brilliant explor the conflict between follow one 's heart and follow the demand of tradit .
this remak get all there is to get out of a peculiar premis with promis : al pacino loath robin william .
the next generat of mob movi .
part low rent godfath .
part three stoog .
lan yu is at time too restrain , yet there are moment it captur the erot of intimaci in a way that make most american love stori look downright unfre .
a thin veil look at differ aspect of chines life clash with each other .
light year \/ sever warp speed \/ level and level of dilithium crystal better than the piti insurrect .
which is n't to say that it 's the equal of some of it predecessor .
if this stori must be told and retold -- and inde it must -- then the grey zone is to be laud for find a new and ingeni angl .
the lion king was a roar success when it was releas eight year ago , but on imax it seem better , not just bigger .
a grip movi , play with perform that are all underst and touch .
the piec play as well as it doe thank in larg measur to anspaugh 's three lead actress .
the inspir screenplay by mike rich cover a lot of ground , perhap too much , but tie thing togeth , neat , by the end .
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audienc , but there is a certain charm about the film that make it a suitabl entri into the fest circuit .
director andrew niccol ... demonstr a wri understand of the quirk of fame .
his healthi sens of satir is light and fun ...
about a manga-lik heroin who fight back at her abus , it 's energet and satisfi if not deep and psycholog .
this is human comedi at it most amus , interest and confirm .
an art , intellig film that stay within the confin of a well-establish genr .
majidi is an unconvent storytel , capabl of find beauti in the most depress place .
richard gere and dian lane put in fine perform as doe french actor oliv martinez .
the minor figur surround -lrb- bobbi -rrb- ... form a gritti urban mosaic .
this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sit there and let you look at this and it like you re go from one room to the next and none of them have ani relat to the other .
it 's a dement kitsch mess -lrb- although the smeari digit video doe match the muddl narrat -rrb- , but it 's savvi about celebr and has more gut and energi than much of what will open this year .
there is noth outstand about this film , but it is good enough and will like be appreci most by sailor and folk who know their way around a submarin .
all-in-al , the film is an enjoy and frank told tale of a peopl who live among us , but not necessarili with us .
an interest stori with a pertin -lrb- cinemat uniqu -rrb- messag , told fair well and score to perfect , i found myself struggl to put my finger on that elus `` miss thing . ''
a movi with a real anarch flair .
a welcom relief from basebal movi that tri too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultim win stori .
a crisp psycholog drama -lrb- and -rrb- a fascin littl thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episod .
it has more than a few moment that are insight enough to be fond rememb in the endless challeng maze of moviego .
open with some contriv banter , clich and some loos end , the screenplay onli come into it own in the second half .
an unclutt , reson gem that relay it univers point without lectur or confront . '
-lrb- the cockett -rrb- provid a window into a subcultur hell-bent on express itself in everi way imagin . '
a smart , steami mix of road movi , coming-of-ag stori and polit satir .
the modern-day royal have noth on these guy when it come to scandal .
it 's onli in fairi tale that princess that are marri for polit reason live happili ever after .
a terrif b movi -- in fact , the best in recent memori .
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movi first and foremost .
i walk away from this new version of e.t. just as i hope i would -- with moist eye .
for devote of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutia it 's like die and go to celluloid heaven .
what 's realli so appeal about the charact is their resembl to everyday children .
shameless resort to pee-rel sight gag that might even caus tom green a grimac still , myer 's energi and the silli of it all eventu prevail
an absurdist spider web .
if you re as happi listen to movi as you are watch them , and the slow parad of human frailti fascin you , then you re at the right film .
this version move beyond the origin 's nostalgia for the communal film experi of yesteryear to a deeper realize of cinema 's inabl to stand in for true , live experi .
some movi blend togeth as they becom distant memori .
mention `` solari '' five year from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
allen 's funniest and most likeabl movi in year .
it 's a glorious spectacl like those d.w. griffith made in the earli day of silent film .
this comic gem is as delight as it is deriv .
more time than it director could ever have dream , this quiet lyric tale probe the ambigu welcom extend by iran to the afghani refuge who stream across it border , desper for work and food .
the leap stori line , shape by director peter kosminski into sharp sliver and cut impress , show all the sign of rich detail condens into a few evoc imag and strike charact trait .
with three excel princip singer , a youth and good-look diva and tenor and rich handsom locat , it 's enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alon and just film the opera without all these distort of perspect .
the product has been made with an enorm amount of affect , so we believ these charact love each other .
certain the perform are worthwhil .
wind up be both revelatori and narcissist , achiev some honest insight into relationship that most high-concept film candy-coat with pat storylin , precious circumst and beauti star .
watch these eccentr is both inspir and pure joy .
steven spielberg bring us anoth masterpiec
final , the french-produc `` read my lip '' is a movi that understand charact must come first .
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforc natur to their charact .
allen show he can outgag ani of those young whippersnapp make move pictur today .
a good film with a solid pedigre both in front of and , more specif , behind the camera .
by no mean a slam-dunk and sure to ultim disappoint the action fan who will be move to the edg of their seat by the dynam first act , it still come off as a touch , transcend love stori .
i encourag young and old alik to go see this uniqu and entertain twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorri !
a literari detect stori is still a detect stori and aficionado of the whodunit wo n't be disappoint .
high crime steal so freeli from other movi and combin enough dispar type of film that it ca n't help but engag an audienc .
if you re a fan of the seri you ll love it and probabl want to see it twice .
i will be .
it celebr the group 's play spark of nonconform , glanc vivid back at what hibiscus grand call his ` angel of light . '
the stori ... is inspir , iron , and revelatori of just how ridicul and money-ori the record industri realli is .
it is also a testament to the integr and vision of the band .
lace with liber dose of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photographi , and a stable-ful of solid perform , no such thing is a fascin littl tale .
huppert 's show to steal and she make a meal of it , channel kathi baker 's creepi turn as the repress mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustin .
nair doe n't treat the issu light .
she allow each charact to confront their problem open and honest .
one of the best silli horror movi of recent memori , with some real shock in store for unwari viewer .
the work of a filmmak who has secret buri at the heart of his stori and know how to take time reveal them .
strang occurr build in the mind of the viewer and take on extrem urgenc .
has a certain ghoulish fascin , and generat a fair amount of b-movi excit .
familiar but utter delight .
a fascin , dark thriller that keep you hook on the delici pulpi of it lurid fiction .
the film aim to be funni , uplift and move , sometim all at onc .
the extent to which it succeed is impress .
the film brilliant shine on all the charact , as the direct is intellig accomplish .
while not for everi tast , this often veri funni collegi gross-out comedi goe a long way toward restor the luster of the nation lampoon film franchis , too long reduc to direct-to-video irrelev .
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuraci of observ in the work of the director , frank novak , that keep the film ground in an undeni social realism .
in addit to hoffman 's power act clinic , this is that rare drama that offer a thought and reward glimps into the sort of heartach everyon has felt , or will feel someday .
jeffrey tambor 's perform as the intellig jazz-play extermin is oscar-worthi .
from the open strain of the averag white band 's `` pick up the piec '' , you can feel the love .
steven ' vibrant creativ instinct are the differ between this and countless other flick about guy and doll .
that it ll probabl be the best and most matur comedi of the 2002 summer season speak more of the season than the pictur
old peopl will love this movi , and i mean that in the nicest possibl way : last order will touch the heart of anyon old enough to have earn a 50-year friendship .
meyj ' provoc film might be call an exampl of the haphazard of evil .
tian emphas the isol of these charact by confin color to liyan 's backyard .
the movi is pretti funni now and then without in ani way demean it subject .
imagin a scenario where bergman approach swedish fatal use gari larson 's far side humor
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -lrb- and better -rrb- than pink floyd ticket .
it is most remark not becaus of it epic scope , but becaus of the startl intimaci it achiev despit that breadth .
it 's not a great monster movi .
but if you ve paid a matine price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilti fun to be had here .
chomp chomp !
the grey zone give voic to a stori that need to be heard in the sea of holocaust movi ... but the film suffer from it own difficulti .
other , more attun to the anarchist maxim that ` the urg to destroy is also a creativ urg ' , or more will to see with their own eye , will find morrison 's iconoclast use of technolog to be liber .
miller tell this veri compel tale with littl fuss or nois , expert pluck tension from quiet .
time out is existenti drama without ani of the pretens associ with the term .
it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minut crowd pleaser that lift your spirit as well as the corner of your mouth .
writer\/director alexand payn -lrb- elect -rrb- and his co-writ jim taylor brilliant employ their quirki and fearless abil to look american angst in the eye and end up laugh .
a movi that at it best doe n't just make the most out of it charact ' flaw but insist on the virtu of imperfect .
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantast movi .
the best anim featur to hit theater sinc beauti and the beast 11 year ago .
what save this deepli affect film from be mere a collect of wrench case is corcuera 's attent to detail .
pacino is the best he 's been in year and keener is marvel .
a solid , spooki entertain worthi of the price of a ticket .
by turn fanci , grisli and engag quixot .
... veri funni , veri enjoy ... adapt is intric construct and in a strang way nail all of orlean 's theme without be a true adapt of her book .
so pure enjoy that you might not even notic it 's a fair straightforward remak of hollywood comedi such as father of the bride .
moonlight mile give itself the freedom to feel contradictori thing .
it is sentiment but feel free to offend , is analyt and then surrend to the illog of it charact , is about grief and yet permit laughter .
the real triumph in igbi come from philipp , who make oliv far more interest than the charact 's line would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weird likabl wasp matron .
robin william has thank ditch the saccharin sentiment of bicentenni man in favour of an altogeth darker side .
if you re will to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheat by the high infidel of unfaith .
australia : land beyond time is an enjoy big movi primarili becaus australia is a weird beauti place .
hoffman 's perform is authent to the core of his be .
told just profici enough to trounc it over comfort trap .
an enthral aesthet experi , one that 's steep in mysteri and a ravish , baroqu beauti .
the quirki drama touch the heart and the funnybon thank to the energet and alway surpris perform by rachel griffith .
a captiv coming-of-ag stori that may also be the first narrat film to be truli inform by the wireless age .
what could have been a daytim soap opera is actual a compel look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
duval is strong as alway .
a no-holds-bar cinemat treat .
you 'd have to be a most hard-heart person not to be move by this drama .
allen 's underestim charm deliv more goodi than lump of coal .
measur against practic ani like-them film other than it oscar-sweep franchis predecessor the silenc of the lamb , red dragon rate as an except thriller .
an exhilar serv of movi fluff .
maelstrom is strang and compel , engross and differ , a moral tale with a twist sens of humor .
it make you believ the cast and crew thorough enjoy themselv and believ in their small-budget film .
dark and disturb , yet compel to watch .
too often , son of the bride becom an exercis in tri to predict when a preordain `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' the pictur use humor and a heartfelt convict to tell a stori about discov your destin in life , but also acknowledg the place , and the peopl , from whenc you came .
a solid piec of journalist work that draw a pictur of a man for whom polit expedi becam a dead foreign polici .
a terrif insid look at the star-mak machineri of tinseltown .
it 's a divert enough hour-and-a-half for the famili audienc .
a party-hearti teen flick that scald like acid .
as giddi and whimsic and relev today as it was 270 year ago .
the film offer an intrigu what-if premis .
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
this version doe justic both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genr .
poignant and delic complex .
enough may pander to our basest desir for payback , but unlik mani reveng fantasi , it ultim deliv .
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funni stuff .
in the pianist , polanski is say what he has long want to say , confront the root of his own preoccup and obsess , and he allow noth to get in the way .
despit the film 's shortcom , the stori are quiet move .
those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scene interest , but few will find the movi improv .
if you come from a famili that eat , meddl , argu , laugh , kibbitz and fight togeth , then go see this delight comedi .
this brace truth antidot to hollywood teenag movi that slather clearasil over the blemish of youth captur the combust mixtur of a chafe inner loneli and desper grandios that tend to character puberti .
the reason to see `` sade '' lay with the chemistri and complex relationship between the marqui -lrb- auteil -rrb- and emili -lrb- le besco -rrb- .
it 's the filmmak ' post-camp comprehens of what made old-tim b movi good-bad that make eight leg freak a perfect entertain summer divers .
the film 's strength is n't in it detail , but in the larger pictur it paint - of a cultur in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nation that cover our deepest , media-soak fear .
... best seen as specul histori , as much an explor of the paranoid impuls as a creativ sequel to the warren report .
it has it fault , but it is a kind , unapologet , sweetheart of a movi , and mandi moor leav a posit impress .
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasi mix of sensual delight and simmer violenc , and the quiet american bring us right into the center of that world .
despit it shortcom , girl ca n't swim repres an engag and intim first featur by a talent director to watch , and it 's a worthi entri in the french coming-of-ag genr .
flaw , but worth see for ambros 's perform .
with dirti deed , david caesar has step into the mainstream of filmmak with an assur worthi of intern acclaim and with everi cinemat tool well under his control -- driven by a natur sens for what work on screen .
the humor and human of monsoon wed are in perfect balanc .
lookin ' for sin , american-styl ?
tri hell hous , which document the cautionari christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
a compel motion pictur that illustr an american tragedi .
as comed spotlight go , notori c.h.o. hit all the verbal mark it should .
it 's a day at the beach -- with air condit and popcorn .
frida is n't that much differ from mani a hollywood romanc .
what set it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant gard director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , bring .
steven has a flair for dialogu comedi , the film oper nice off the element of surpris , and the larg cast is solid .
extrem well act by the four primari actor , this is a serious intend movi that is not easili forgotten .
the film exud the urban sweet that woodi allen seem to have bitter forsaken .
k-19 : the widowmak is deriv , overlong , and bombast -- yet surpris entertain .
it 's good , hard-edg stuff , violent and a bit exploit but also nice done , moral alert and street-smart .
cineast will revel in those visual in-jok , as in the film 's verbal poke at everyth from the like of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff person style to the stylist rigor of denmark 's dogma movement .
it 's a rare window on an artist collabor .
... begin with promis , but run aground after be snare in it own tangl plot .
perhap the best sport movi i ve ever seen .
cho 's time is priceless .
... creat a viscer sens of it charact ' live and conflict emot that carri it far abov ... what could have been a melodramat , lifetim channel-styl antholog .
a sensit , move , brilliant construct work .
an edgi thriller that deliv a surpris punch .
a reason entertain sequel to 1994 's surpris famili hit that may strain adult credibl .
-lrb- reno -rrb- deliv a monologu that manag to incorpor both the horror and the absurd of the situat in a well-balanc fashion .
there is truth here
a confid , rich act , emot devast piec of work and 2002 's first great film
a touch , small-scal stori of famili respons and care in the communiti .
arteta direct one of the best ensembl cast of the year
the cast of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .
no , it 's not as single-mind as john carpent 's origin , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerv than the sequel .
a gem of a romant crime comedi that turn out to be clever , amus and unpredict .
stand as one of the year 's most intrigu movi experi , let it imageri speak for it while it forc you to ponder anew what a movi can be .
... the first 2\/3 of the film are incred captiv and insan funni , thank in part to interest cinemat devic -lrb- cool visual backmask -rrb- , a solid cast , and some wick sick and twist humor ... this movi got me grin .
there 's a part of us that can not help be entertain by the sight of someon get away with someth .
an old-fashion drama of substanc about a teacher 's slide down the slipperi slope of dishonesti after an encount with the rich and the power who have noth but disdain for virtu .
what 's not to like about a movi with a ` children 's ' song that includ the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjust ' ?
this english-languag version ... doe full honor to miyazaki 's teem and often unsettl landscap , and to the conflict complex of his charact .
the pleasur that it doe afford may be enough to keep mani moviego occupi amidst some of the more serious-mind concern of other year-end movi .
not everyon will welcom or accept the trial of henri kissing as faith portraitur , but few can argu that the debat it join is a necessari and time one .
there are no special effect , and no hollywood end .
like the origin , this version is rais a few notch abov kiddi fantasi pablum by allen 's astring wit .
despit it hawaiian set , the science-fict trim and some moment of rowdi slapstick , the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pull from a tear-stain vintag shirley templ script .
a brutal honest documentari about a much anticip famili reunion that goe wrong thank to cultur shock and a refus to empath with other .
fill with honest perform and except detail , baran is a gentl film with dramat punch , a haunt ode to human .
sparkl in it deft portrait of tinseltown 's season veteran of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .
in it dri and forc way , it deliv the same messag as jiri menzel 's close watch train and dani tanov 's no man 's land .
... a triumph of emot and narrat complex filmmak .
-lrb- hayn ' -rrb- homag to such film as `` all that heaven allow '' and `` imit of life '' transcend them .
simpli put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiec .
an intens and effect film about loneli and the chilli anonym of the environ where so mani of us spend so much of our time .
although fair involv as far as it goe , the film doe n't end up have much that is fresh to say about grow up cathol or , realli , anyth .
prove main that south korean filmmak can make undemand action movi with all the alacr of their hollywood counterpart .
a veri funni romant comedi about two skittish new york middle-ag who stumbl into a relationship and then struggl furious with their fear and foibl .
top-notch action power this romant drama .
beresford nice mix in as much humor as patho to take us on his sentiment journey of the heart .
it realli is a shame that more wo n't get an opportun to embrac small , sweet ` evelyn . '
i stop think about how good it all was , and start do noth but react to it - feel a part of it grand locat , think urgent as the protagonist struggl , feel at the merci of it invent , gasp at it visual delight .
probabl the best case for christian sinc chesterton and lewi .
a gentl funni , sweet adventur film that make you feel genuin good , that is to say , entir uncon by fals sentiment or sharp , overmanipul hollywood practic .
would be an unendur view experi for this ultra-provinci new yorker if 26-year-old rees witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasi charact , melani carmichael , with a massiv infus of old-fashion hollywood magic .
visual fascin ... an often intens charact studi about father and son , loyalti and duti .
a lyric metaphor for cultur and person self-discoveri and a picaresqu view of a little-rememb world .
schutt 's dramat snapshot of the artist three day befor his death offer an interest bit of specul as to the issu brecht face as his life drew to a close .
a slick , engross melodrama .
s1m0ne 's satir is not subtl , but it is effect .
it 's a quirki , off-beat project .
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam pictur with such a rah-rah , patriot tone , soldier ultim achiev it main strateg object : dramat the human cost of the conflict that came to defin a generat .
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's song by heart , you will enjoy see how both evolv , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music busi in the 21st centuri .
the solid filmmak and convinc charact make this a high water mark for this genr .
film about loss , grief and recoveri are pretti valuabl these day .
seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerv in mani .
it 's endless invent , consist intellig and sicken savag .
it is definit worth see .
an impecc studi in pervers .
far from heaven is a dazzl conceptu feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthral drama .
a movi that both thrill the eye and , in it over-the-top way , touch the heart .
stuf to the brim with idea , american instig michael moor 's film is a rambl examin of american gun cultur that use his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposit .
affection remind us that , in ani languag , the huge stuff in life can usual be trace back to the littl thing .
a drama of great power , yet some member of the audienc will leav the theater believ they have seen a comedi .
the large-fram imax camera lend itself beauti to film the teem life on the reef , make this gorgeous film a must for everyon from junior scientist to grown-up fish lover .
the result is more depress than liber , but it 's never bore .
a stori about intellig high school student that deal with first love sweet but also serious .
it is also beauti act .
it is n't that the pictur is unfamiliar , but that it manag to find new avenu of discours on old problem .
same song , second vers , coulda been better , but it coulda been wors .
it 's a technic superb film , shine with all the usual spielberg flair , expert util the talent of his top-notch creativ team .
wilco fan will have a great time , and the movi should win the band a few new convert , too .
tsai has a well-deserv reput as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylist , and in this film , everi shot enhanc the excel perform .
the date movi that franz kafka would have made .
the fact is that the screen is most aliv when it seem most like that broomfield 's interviewe , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
leguizamo and jone are both excel and the rest of the cast is uniform superb .
i like this film a lot ...
... there is enough origin in ` life ' to distanc it from the pack of paint-by-numb romant comedi that so often end up on cinema screen .
a solid and refin piec of moviemak imbu with passion and attitud .
nettelbeck has craft an engag fantasi of flavour and emot , one part romanc novel , one part recip book .
with or without the sex , a wonder tale of love and destini , told well by a master storytel
on the surfac a silli comedi , scotland , pa would be forgett if it were n't such a clever adapt of the bard 's tragic play .
a weird , arrest littl ride .
a fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betti fisher and left out the other stori .
a first-class road movi that prove you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problem go with you .
you might want to take a realiti check befor you pay the full ticket price to see `` simon , '' and consid a dvd rental instead .
well cast and well direct - a power drama with enough sardon wit to keep it from be maudlin .
a backstag must-se for true fan of comedi .
there 's back-stab , inter-raci desir and , most import , sing and danc .
the film sound like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what make it interest as a charact studi is the fact that the stori is told from paul 's perspect .
jone ... make a great impress as the writer-director of this littl $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edg indi filmmak but has a huge heart .
in the disturb involv famili dysfunct drama how i kill my father , french director ann fontain deliv an inspir portrait of male-ridden angst and the emot blockag that accompani this human condit
below may not mark mr. twohi 's emerg into the mainstream , but his promis remain undiminish .
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
happili stay close to the ground in a spare and simpl manner and doe n't pummel us with phoni imageri or music .
it sheer dynam is infecti .
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg present a fascin but flaw look at the near futur .
it somehow manag to make it way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
perhap it 's clich to call the film ` refresh , ' but it is .
` drumlin ' show a level of young , black manhood that is funni , touch , smart and complic .
it doe give a tast of the burn man etho , an appeal blend of counter-cultur ideal and hedonist creativ .
the limit set and small confin and dark space also are homag to a classic low-budget film noir movi .
the movi is well done , but slow .
-lrb- a -rrb- wonder loopi tale of love , long , and vote .
the fascin come in the power of the huston perform , which seem so larger than life and yet so fragil , and in the way the ivan charact accept the news of his ill so quick but still find himself unabl to react .
the last scene of the film are anguish , bitter and truth .
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .
predict storylin and by-the-book script is all but wash away by sumptuous ocean visual and the cinemat style of director john stockwel .
antwon fisher certain doe the trick of make us care about it protagonist and celebr his victori but , with few except , it rare stoop to cheap manipul or corni convent to do it .
one feel the dim of a certain ambit , but in it place a sweet , clariti and emot open that recal the classic of earli italian neoreal .
it challeng , this nervi odditi , like modern art should .
whenev you think you ve figur out late marriag , it throw you for a loop .
the pianist is polanski 's best film .
it is a testament of quiet endur , of common concern , of reconcil surviv .
this orang has some juic , but it 's far from fresh-squeez .
a sensit , modest comic tragedi that work as both charact studi and symbol examin of the huge econom chang sweep modern china .
high crime know the mistak that bad movi make and is determin not to make them , and mayb that is nobil of a sort .
cusack 's just brilliant in this .
know how to make our imagin wonder .
jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat bring a beguil fresh to a coming-of-ag stori with such a buoyant , express flow of imag that it emerg as anoth key contribut to the flower of the south korean cinema .
the overal fabric is hypnot , and mr. mattei foster moment of spontan intimaci .
evok a palpabl sens of disconnect , made all the more poignant by the incess use of cell phone .
malcolm mcdowel is cool .
paul bettani is cool .
paul bettani play malcolm mcdowel ?
cool .
a touch , sophist film that almost seem like a documentari in the way it captur an italian immigr famili on the brink of major chang .
... a trashi littl bit of fluff stuf with enjoy perform and a bewild sens of self-import
an invent , absorb movi that 's as hard to classifi as it is hard to resist .
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movi with my sister .
i thought the relationship were wonder , the comedi was funni , and the love ` real ' .
-lrb- cain -rrb- prove onc again he has n't lost his touch , bring off a superb perform in an admit middl film .
bogdanovich put histori in perspect and , via kirsten dunst 's remark perform , he showcas davi as a young woman of great charm , generos and diplomaci .
this breezi caper movi becom a soul , incis medit on the way we were , and the way we are .
a captiv new film .
those who are n't put off by the film 's auster will find it more than capabl of reward them .
it 's a clear-ey portrait of an intens live time , fill with nervous energi , moral ambigu and great uncertainti .
reveal how import our special talent can be when put in servic of of other .
it also show how deepli felt emot can draw peopl togeth across the wall that might otherwis separ them .
with the same sort of good-natur fun found in film like tremor , eight leg freak is prime escapist fare .
a sharp , amus studi of the cult of celebr .
the sentiment clich mar an otherwis excel film .
a power perform from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minut battl sequenc that doe everyth but issu you a dog-tag and an m-16 .
a grace , move tribut to the courag of new york 's finest and a nice underst express of the grief share by the nation at their sacrific .
a coming-of-ag tale from new zealand whose boozi , languid air is balanc by a rich visual clariti and deepli felt perform across the board .
made to be jaglom is the cann film festiv , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .
the charm result is festiv in cann .
if you re look for someth new and hope for someth entertain , you re in luck .
a huge reward experi that 's everi bit as enlighten , insight and entertain as grant 's two best film -- four wed and a funer and bridget jone 's diari .
a rip-roar comedi action fest that ll put hair on your chest .
if there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is noth to sneez at these day .
simultan heart-break and veri funni , the last kiss is realli all about perform .
there is a subvers element to this disney cartoon , provid unexpect fizzabl .
an unforgett look at moral , famili , and social expect through the prism of that omnibus tradit call marriag .
an enjoy , if occasion flaw , experi .
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrous gift artist and storytel .
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eat , sleep and stress-reduc contempl , it is clear a good thing .
meet , even exceed expect , it 's the best sequel sinc the empir strike back ... a majest achiev , an epic of astonish grandeur and surpris emot depth .
leigh is one of the rare director who feel act is the heart and soul of cinema .
he allow his cast member to make creativ contribut to the stori and dialogu .
this method almost never fail him , and it work superbl here .
poetri in motion captur on film .
while it can be a bit repetit , overal it 's an entertain and inform documentari .
direct with a sure and measur hand , -lrb- hanek -rrb- steer clear of the sensat and offer instead an unflinch and object look at a decid pervers patholog .
the entir movi establish a wonder creepi mood .
i found the ring moder absorb , larg for it eleg color look and sound .
the filmmak want noth els than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movi way , they succeed .
amari has dress up this littl parabl in a fair irresist packag full of privileg moment and memor perform .
rabbit-proof fenc will probabl make you angri .
but it will just as like make you weep , and it will do so in a way that doe n't make you feel like a sucker .
both heartbreak and heartwarm ... just a simpl fabl done in an artless sytl , but it 's tremend move .
this master calibr psycholog thriller thrive on it taut perform and creepi atmospher even if the screenplay fall somewhat short .
the film 's sens of imageri give it a terribl strength , but it 's propel by the act .
the pianist -lrb- is -rrb- a suprem hope cautionari tale of war 's mad rememb that we , today , can prevent it tragic wast of life .
here is a divin monument to a singl man 's struggl to regain his life , his digniti and his music .
strang it is , but delight so .
eleg , manner and teas .
an averag coming-of-ag tale elev by the wholesom twist of a peski mother interf dure her son 's discoveri of his homosexu .
the ingenu that parker display in freshen the play is almost in a class with that of wild himself .
decasia is what has happen alreadi to so mani silent movi , newsreel and the like .
the unexpect thing is that it die , in this shower of black-and-whit psychedelia , is quit beauti .
a droll , bitchi frolic which poke fun at the price of popular and small-town pretens in the lone star state .
with each of her three protagonist , miller eloqu captur the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seat , emot need , is about to turn onto a differ path .
ryan gosl ... is at 22 a power young actor .
a minor work yet there 's no deni the potenc of miller 's strang , fleet brew of hope persever and hopeless closur .
as an introduct to the man 's theori and influenc , derrida is all but useless as a portrait of the artist as an endless inquisit old man , howev , it 's invalu .
the film is a verbal duel between two gift perform .
imperfect ?
yes , but also intrigu and honor , a worthwhil addit to a distinguish film legaci .
you ll get the enjoy basic minimum .
but not a whit more .
what a great way to spend 4 unit of your day .
the movi is hard a masterpiec , but it doe mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time .
as simpl and innoc a movi as you can imagin .
this is a movi you can trust .
passion , irrat , long-suff but cruel as a tarantula , helga figur promin in this movi , and help keep the proceed as funni for grown-up as for rugrat .
`` it 's all about the imag . ''
vivid convey the passion , creativ , and fearless of one of mexico 's most color and controversi artist -- a captiv drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
hollywood end is not show-stop hilari , but scath witti nonetheless .
mayb thoma wolf was right : you ca n't go home again .
a compel yarn , but not quit a rip one .
on the granger movi gaug of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girl is a fast , frenet , funni , even punni 6 -- aim specif at a grade-school audienc .
the film has sever strong perform .
i ve never bought from telemarket , but i bought this movi .
perfect pitch between comedi and tragedi , hope and despair , about schmidt instead come far closer than mani movi to express the way mani of us live -- someplac between consum self-absorpt and insist demand other .
the funni thing is , i did n't mind all this contriv nonsens a bit .
-lrb- shyamalan -rrb- turn the goose-pimpl genr on it empti head and fill it with spirit , purpos and emot bruis charact who add up to more than bodi count .
a sexi , peculiar and alway entertain costum drama set in renaiss spain , and the fact that it 's base on true event somehow make it all the more compel .
an entertain documentari that fresh consid argument the bard 's immort play were written by somebodi els .
a high spirit , imagin kid 's movi that broach neo-augustinian theolog : is god stuck in heaven becaus he 's afraid of his best-known creation ?
call it magic realism or surreal , but miss wonton float beyond realiti with a certain degre of wit and digniti .
raimi and his team could n't have done ani better in bring the stori of spider-man to the big screen .
the director explor all three side of his stori with a sensit and an inquisit reminisc of truffaut .
well-act , well-direct and , for all it moodi , not too pretenti .
it 's a satisfi summer blockbust and worth a look .
boomer and their kid will have a barri good time .
real women have curv wear it empower on it sleev but even it worst harangu are easi to swallow thank to remark perform by ferrera and ontivero .
ultim , `` mib ii '' succeed due to it rapid-fir deliveri and enough inspir leviti that it ca n't be dismiss as mindless .
stage director sam mend showcas tom hank as a depress era hit-man in this dark tale of reveng .
sit in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darl harbour , but i sometim felt as though i was in the tini two seater plane that carri the giant camera around australia , sweep and glide , bank and hover over some of the most not
the real charm of this trifl is the deadpan comic face of it star , jean reno , who resembl sli stallon in a hot sake half-sleep .
what 's so fun about this silli , outrag , ingeni thriller is the director 's talent .
watch a brian depalma movi is like watch an alfr hitchcock movi after drink twelv beer .
strip it of all it excess debri , and you 'd have a 90-minut , four-star movi .
as it is , it 's too long and unfocus .
an immens entertain look at some of the unsung hero of 20th centuri pop music .
this familiar rise-and-fal tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralist consequ , though it 's told with sharp ear and eye for the tenor of the time .
this beauti anim epic is never dull .
brian tufano 's handsom widescreen photographi and paul grabowski 's excel music turn this fair parochi melodrama into someth realli rather special .
it make compel , provoc and prescient view .
a thorough entertain comedi that use grant 's own twist of acid to prevent itself from succumb to it own batho .
use a stock plot , about a boy inject just enough fresh into the proceed to provid an enjoy 100 minut in a movi theater .
what eric schaeffer has accomplish with never again may not , strict speak , qualifi as revolutionari .
but it 's defiant and delight against the grain .
the hard-to-predict and absolut essenti chemistri between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchal grant prove to be sensat , and everyth mesh in this eleg entertain .
a posit thrill combin of ethnographi and all the intrigu , betray , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedi or a juici soap opera .
mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all their collabor are entitl to take a deep bow for fashion an engross entertain out of an almost sure-fir prescript for a critic and commerci disast .
definit funni stuff , but it 's more of the ` laugh at ' varieti than the ` laugh with . ' easili the most thought fiction examin of the root caus of anti-semit ever seen on screen .
a real winner -- smart , funni , subtl , and reson .
famili portrait of need , neurosi and nervi negat is a rare treat that show the promis of digit filmmak .
the pitch must have read like a discard hous beauti spread .
uplift as onli a document of the worst possibl of mankind can be , and among the best film of the year .
director david jacobson give dahmer a consider that the murder never game his victim .
the film has a terrif look and salma hayek has a feel for the charact at all stage of her life .
a decid lack of spontan in it execut and a dearth of real poignanc in it epiphani .
the perform are remark .
it 's burn ' visual , charact and his punchi dialogu , not his plot , that carri waydowntown .
as literari desecr go , this make for perfect accept , occasion veri enjoy children 's entertain .
you ll forget about it by monday , though , and if they re old enough to have develop some tast , so will your kid .
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart littl 2 is a light , fun chees puff of a movi .
strang , funni , twist , brilliant and macabr .
a genuin move and wise unsentiment drama .
heaven is a haunt dramat of a coupl 's moral ascens .
the mothman propheci is best when illustr the demon bedevil the modern masculin journey .
play out with a dog and eventu win squar that would make it the darl of mani a kids-and-family-ori cabl channel .
an entertain british hybrid of comedi , caper thrill and quirki romanc .
alain choquart 's camera bare stop move , portray both the turmoil of the time and give conduct a perpetu sens of urgenc , which , for a film that take near three hour to unspool , is both funni and irrit .
most martha could have use a littl trim -- 10 or 15 minut could be cut and no one would notic -- but it 's a pleasur trifl .
the onli pain you ll feel as the credit roll is your stomach grumbl for some tasti grub .
hard an object documentari , but it 's great cinemat polem ... love moor or loath him , you ve got to admir ... the intens with which he 's will to express his convict .
the mark of a respect summer blockbust is one of two thing : unadulter thrill or genuin laugh .
the film is visual dazzl , the depict event dramat , funni and poignant .
a directori tour de forc by bernard rose , ivan xtc .
is one of this year 's veri best pictur .
what make the movi work -- to an admit limit extent -- is the commit of two genuin engag perform .
weaver and lapaglia are both excel , in the kind of low-key way that allow us to forget that they are actual movi folk .
even the digress are funni .
mr. spielberg and his compani just want you to enjoy yourselv without feel con .
and they succeed merrili at their nobl endeavor .
melodrama with a messag .
a perfect pleasant if slight pokey comedi .
coppola 's directori debut is an incred layer and stylist film that , despit a fair slow pace , almost humdrum approach to charact develop , still manag at least a decent attempt at meaning cinema .
at the end , when the now computer yoda final reveal his martial artistri , the film ascend to a kinet life so teem that even cranki adult may rediscov the quiver kid insid .
wang xiaoshuai direct this intric structur and well-real drama that present a fascin glimps of urban life and the class warfar that embroil two young men .
it 's hard to imagin anybodi ever be `` in the mood '' to view a movi as harrow and pain as the grey zone , but it 's equal hard to imagin anybodi be abl to tear their eye away from the screen onc it 's start .
bogdanovich tap deep into the hearst mystiqu , entertain reenact a histor scandal .
a move tale of love and destruct in unexpect place , unexamin live .
clooney direct this film alway keep the balanc between the fantast and the believ ...
even if you do n't understand what on earth is go on , this is a movi that will stimul hour of post view discuss , if onli to be remind of who did what to whom and whi .
... a lesson in prehistor hilar .
a fantast vital movi that manag to invest real humor , sensual , and sympathi into a stori about two adolesc boy .
lawrenc plumb person tragedi and also the human comedi .
though a capabl thriller , somewher along the way k-19 jettison some crucial drama .
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movi this summer .
it would be disingenu to call reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flick move in and out of the multiplex .
this is a movi that is what it is : a pleasant distract , a friday night divers , an excus to eat popcorn .
there is a certain sens of experiment and improvis to this film that may not alway work , but it is nevertheless compel .
the four feather has reward , from the exotic of it sea of sand to the fierc grandeur of it sweep battl scene .
a delici , quirki movi with a terrif screenplay and fanci direct by michael gondri .
this stori still seem time and import .
and there 's an element of heartbreak to watch it now , with older and wiser eye , becaus we know what will happen after green 's stori end .
the bodili function joke are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich vein of funni stuff in this movi .
the perform are amiabl and commit , and the comedi more often than not hit the bullsey .
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movi is slight less success than the first , it 's still a rollick good time for the most part .
there 's plenti to enjoy -- in no small part thank to lau .
with a romant comedi plotlin straight from the age , this cinderella stori doe n't have a singl surpris up it sleev .
but it doe somehow manag to get you under it spell .
though few will argu that it rank with the best of herzog 's work , invinc show he 's back in form , with an astound rich film .
`` catch me '' feel capabl of charm the mass with star power , a pop-induc score and sentiment moment that have becom a spielberg trademark .
by no mean a great movi , but it is a refresh forthright one .
the cast of raymond j. barri as the ` assassin ' great enhanc the qualiti of neil burger 's impress fake documentari .
despit besson 's high-profil name be wasabi 's big sell point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserv a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thorough win tone .
this documentari is a dazzl , remark unpretenti remind of what -lrb- evan -rrb- had , lost , and got back .
a thought movi , a movi that is concern with soul and risk and scheme and the consequ of one 's action .
as satisfi odd and intrigu a tale as it was a centuri and a half ago ... has a delight dour , deadpan tone and stylist consist .
method , measur , and gentl tedious in it comedi , secret ballot is a purpos reduct movi -- which may be whi it 's so success at lodg itself in the brain .
a witti , trenchant , wild unsentiment but flaw look at the in and out of modern moviemak .
for most of the distanc the pictur provid a satisfi unsettl ride into the dark place of our nation psych .
by the standard of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretti damn funni .
one of the most glorious unsubtl and adren extrem shocker sinc the evil dead .
-lrb- reach -rrb- wholli believ and heart-wrench depth of despair .
an absorb and unsettl psycholog drama .
this movi may not have the highest product valu you ve ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , histori and the awkward of human life is generous and deep .
though it 's not veri well shot or compos or edit , the score is too insist and the dialogu is frequent overwrought and crude liter , the film shatter you in wave .
the entir cast is extraordinarili good .
yakusho , as alway , is wonder as the long-fac sad sack ... and his chemistri with shimizu is veri believ .
young hank and fisk , who vagu resembl their celebr parent , bring fresh good look and an eas in front of the camera to the work .
a captiv quirki hybrid of charact portrait , romant comedi and beat-the-clock thriller .
the film sparkl with the the wisdom and humor of it subject .
if -lrb- jaglom 's -rrb- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkl , some of it reparte is still worth hear .
like the english patient and the unbear light of be , the hour is one of those reput `` unfilm '' novel that has buck the odd to emerg as an exquisit motion pictur in it own right .
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 year .
a chill tale of one of the great crime of 20th centuri franc : the murder of two rich women by their servant in 1933 .
an odditi , to be sure , but one that you might wind up rememb with a degre of affect rather than revuls .
while the film is not entir success , it still manag to string togeth enough charm moment to work .
a win piec of work fill with love for the movi of the 1960s .
e.t. work becaus it flabbergast princip , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymor and 10-year-old henri thoma , convinc us of the exist of the wise , wizen visitor from a faraway planet .
help to remind the first world that hiv\/aid is far from be yesterday 's news .
a hearten tale of small victori and endur hope .
the vista are sweep and the act is far from pain .
jackson and co have brought back the valu and respect for the term epic cinema .
it may be a somewhat backhand compliment to say that the film make the viewer feel like the movi 's various victim audienc member after a while , but it also happen to be the movi 's most admir qualiti
charlott sometim is a brilliant movi .
it is about irrat , unexplain life and it seem so real becaus it doe not attempt to filter out the complex .
a delight stimulus for the optic nerv , so much that it 's forgiv that the plot feel like everi other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
defi logic , the law of physic and almost anyon 's willing to believ in it .
but darn if it doe n't also keep us rivet to our seat .
a complex psycholog drama about a father who return to his son 's home after decad away .
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factori worker who escap for a holiday in venic reveal how we all need a play respit from the grind to refresh our soul .
this is not a retread of `` dead poet ' societi . ''
sweet and memor film .
a smart , arch and rather cold-blood comedi .
keen observ and refresh natur , swim get the detail right , from it promenad of bare clad bodi in myrtl beach , s.c. , to the adrenalin jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
... begin on a high note and sustain it beauti .
davi ... get vivid perform from her cast and pull off some deft alli mcbeal-styl fantasi sequenc .
` it 's better to go in know full well what 's go to happen , but will to let the earnest of it execut and skill of it cast take you down a familiar road with a few twist .
cynic need not appli . '
funni , somber , absurd , and , final , ach sad , bartlebi is a fine , underst piec of filmmak .
`` red dragon '' is entertain .
an obvious copi of one of the best film ever made , how could it not be ?
but it is entertain on an inferior level .
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-se .
succeed onli becaus bullock and grant were made to share the silver screen .
both flaw and delay , martin scorces 's gang of new york still emerg as his most vital work sinc goodfella .
as ani creature-featur fan know , when you cross toxic chemic with a bunch of exot creatur , you get a lot of run around , scream and death .
on that score , the film certain doe n't disappoint .
as the movi trace mr. brown 's athlet exploit , it is imposs not to be awe by the power and grace of one of the greatest natur sportsmen of modern time .
a move and solid entertain comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writ juan jose campanella 's reput in the unit state .
thank to confid filmmak and a pair of fascin perform , the way to that destin is a realli special walk in the wood .
beauti shot , delic score and power by a set of heartfelt perform , it 's a lyric endeavour .
a macabr and veri styliz swedish fillm about a modern citi where all the religi and civic virtu that hold societi in place are in tatter .
a stylist romp that 's alway fun to watch .
inform , intrigu , observ , often touch ... give a human face to what 's often discuss in pure abstract term .
... onc the true impact of the day unfold , the power of this movi is undeni .
an honest , sensit stori from a vietnames point of view .
a buoyant romant comedi about friendship , love , and the truth that we re all in this togeth .
the film 's intim camera work and sear perform pull us deep into the girl ' confus and pain as they struggl tragic to comprehend the chasm of knowledg that 's open between them .
it 's the perfect star vehicl for grant , allow him to final move away from his usual bumbl , tongue-ti screen persona .
gaunt , silver-hair and leonin , -lrb- harri -rrb- bring a tragic dimens and savag full-bodi wit and cun to the age sandeman .
a disturb examin of what appear to be the definit of a ` bad ' polic shoot .
it 's been made with an innoc yet fervid convict that our hollywood has all but lost .
not onli a remind of how they use to make movi , but also how they sometim still can be made .
a three-hour cinema master class .
eyr is on his way to becom the american indian spike lee .
a witti , whimsic featur debut .
warm in it love yet unforgiv inconsist depict of everyday peopl , relax in it perfect quiet pace and proud in it messag .
i love this film .
it provid a grim , upset glimps at the live of some of the 1.2 million palestinian who live in the crowd citi and refuge camp of gaza .
clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-mad pb & j sandwich : familiar , fair unev and boast no real surpris -- but still quit tasti and invit all the same .
a movi that will sure be profan , polit charg music to the ear of cho 's fan .
much of this slick and spright cgi featur is suffici funni to amus even the most resolut unreligi parent who escort their littl one to megaplex screen .
rare , a movi is more than a movi .
go .
jacquot 's strategi allow his cast the benefit of be abl to give full perform ... while demonstr vivid that the beauti and power of the opera resid primarili in the music itself .
quit deliv a sucker-punch , and it impact is all the greater beaus director zhang 's last film , the cudd shower , was a non-threaten multi-charact piec center around a public bath hous .
by not avert his eye , solondz forc us to consid the unthink , the unaccept , the unmention .
one hour photo may seem disappoint in it general , but it 's the littl nuanc that perhap had to escap from director mark romanek 's self-consci scrutini to happen , that final get under your skin .
while general audienc might not come away with a greater knowledg of the fact of cuban music , they ll be treat to an impress and high entertain celebr of it sound .
a fascin documentari that provid a round and reveal overview of this ancient holist heal system
birthday girl luck out with chaplin and kidman , who are capabl of ant up some movi star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twist love stori , but who can also negoti the movi 's darker turn .
an interest look behind the scene of chicago-bas rock group wilco ...
sharp edg and a deep vein of sad run through it otherwis comic narrat .
there 's lot of cool stuff pack into espn 's ultim x.
rock solid famili fun out of the gate , extrem imagin through out , but wane in the middl
the ya-ya 's have mani secret and one is - the book are better .
translat complex charact from novel to the big screen is an imposs task but they are true to the essenc of what it is to be ya-ya .
the touch is general light enough and the perform , for the most part , credibl .
i like about schmidt a lot , but i have a feel that i would have like it much more if harri & tonto never exist .
steer has an unexpect adam streak of warm-blood empathi for all his dispar manhattan denizen -- especi the a \*\* hole .
that storytel has valu can not be deni .
not even solondz 's thirst for controversi , sketchi charact and immatur provoc can fulli succeed at cheapen it .
onc the downward spiral come to pass , auto focus bear out as your typic junki opera ...
a know sens of humor and a lot of warmth ignit son of the bride .
a rich tale of our time , veri well told with an appropri minimum of mean .
the charact are complex and quirki , but entir believ as the remark ensembl cast bring them to life .
in all fair , i must report that the children of vari age in my audienc never cough , fidget or romp up and down the aisl for bathroom break .
as gori as the scene of tortur and self-mutil may be , they are pit against shimmer cinematographi that lend the set the ether beauti of an asian landscap paint .
effici , suitabl anonym chiller .
gorgeous scene , master perform , but the sick sweet gender normat narrat left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .
the hot topic of the plot are releg to the background -- a welcom step forward from the salli jess raphael atmospher of film like philadelphia and american beauti .
it 's usual a bad sign when director abandon their script and go where the moment take them , but olympia , wash. , base filmmak ann de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what make their project so interest .
a memor experi that , like mani of his work , present weighti issu color wrap up in his own idiosyncrat strain of kitschi goodwil .
execut with such gentl but insist sincer , with such good humor and appreci of the daili grind that onli the most hardheart scroog could fail to respond .
the gentl comic treatment of adolesc sturm und drang should pleas fan of chris fuhrman 's posthum publish cult novel .
director claud chabrol has becom the master of innuendo .
it is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
a deft entertain film , smart play and smart direct .
a documentari to make the stone weep -- as shame as it is scari .
i hope the movi is wide seen and debat with appropri feroc and thought .
a thought-provok look at how western foreign polici - howev well intent - can wreak havoc in other cultur .
ask what truth can be discern from non-firsthand experi , and specif question cinema 's capabl for record truth .
the journey to the secret 's eventu discoveri is a separ adventur , and thrill enough .
a quiet , disquiet triumph .
dark funni and frequent insight .
... the tale of her passion , tumultu affair with musset unfold as sand 's masculin persona , with it love of life and beauti , take form .
if you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , becaus here it is .
there 's so much to look at in metropoli you hate to tear your eye away from the imag long enough to read the subtitl .
the search for redempt make for a touch love stori , main becaus blanchett and ribisi compel tap into a spiritu aspect of their charact ' suffer .
a film of idea and wri comic mayhem .
at it worst the screenplay is callow , but at it best it is a young artist 's thought consider of fatherhood .
a worthwhil documentari , whether you re into rap or not , even if it may still leav you want more answer as the credit roll .
fessenden 's narrat is just as much about the ownership and redefinit of myth as it is about a domest unit find their way to joy .
that the film open with maggot crawl on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
stanley kwan has direct not onli one of the best gay love stori ever made , but one of the best love stori of ani stripe .
the concert footag is stir , the record session are intrigu , and -- on the way to strike a blow for artist integr -- this qualiti band may pick up new admir .
norton hold the film togeth .
-lrb- there 's -rrb- quit a bit of heart , as you would expect from the director of the littl mermaid and aladdin .
you wo n't have ani troubl get kid to eat up these veggi .
a creaki staircas gothic .
enjoy dumb , sweet , and intermitt hilari -- if you ve a tast for the quirki , steal a glimps .
a movi that send you out of the theater feel like you ve actual spent time live in anoth communiti .
light-year ahead of paint-by-numb american blockbust like pearl harbor , at least artist .
a fascin documentari about the long and event spiritu journey of the guru who help launch the new age .
isabell huppert excel as the enigmat mika and anna mouglali is a stun new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intens psycholog mysteri .
perhap not sinc nelson eddi croon his indian love call to jeanett macdonald has there been a movi so unabash canadian , not afraid to risk american scorn or disinterest .
wed feel a bit anachronist .
still , not everi low-budget movi must be quirki or bleak , and a happi end is no cinemat sin .
it 's still a comic book , but maguir make it a comic book with soul .
bring to a spectacular complet one of the most complex , generous and subvers artwork of the last decad .
an amus and unexpect insight examin of sexual jealousi , resent and the fine line between passion and pretenc .
a fascin , bombshel documentari that should shame american , regardless of whether or not ultim blame final lie with kissing .
should be requir view for civic class and would-b public servant alik .
adapt 's success in engag the audienc in the travail of creat a screenplay is extraordinari .
a polish and vast entertain caper film that put the sting back into the con .
it 's no surpris that as a director washington demand and receiv excel perform , from himself and from newcom derek luke .
... while each moment of this broken charact studi is rich in emot textur , the journey doe n't realli go anywher .
the film get close to the chimp the same way goodal did , with a serious mind patienc , respect and affect .
it 's an often-cut film but either need more substanc to fill the time or some judici edit .
this may be burn 's strongest film sinc the brother mcmullen .
what make this film special is serri 's abil to take what is essenti a contain famili conflict and put it into a much larger histor context .
it 's quaid who anchor the film with his effortless perform and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplay .
it is ok for a movi to be someth of a sitcom apparatus , if the line work , the humor has point and the actor are human engag .
though not for everyon , the guy is a somber trip worth take .
a sli femal empower movi , although not in a way anyon would expect .
you realli have to salut writer-director hanek -lrb- he adapt elfried jelinek 's novel -rrb- for make a film that is n't near as graphic but much more power , brutal shock and difficult to watch .
it 's a wonder , sober , heart-felt drama .
run on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's perform .
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultim collaps dure the film 's final -lrb- restor -rrb- third ... emot belittl a cinema classic .
sometim shorter is better .
phillip noyc and all of his actor -- as well as his cinematograph , christoph doyl -- understand the delic forc of green 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
the film just might turn on mani peopl to opera , in general , an art form at onc viscer and spiritu , wonder vulgar and sublim lofti -- and as emot grand as life .
as a vehicl to savour binoch 's skill , the film is well worthwhil .
the huski are beauti , the border colli is funni and the overal feel is genial and decent .
whatev complaint i might have , i 'd take -lrb- it -rrb- earnest error and hard-won reward over the bombast self-glorif of other feel-good fiasco like antwon fisher or the emperor 's club ani time .
master it formid arithmet of camera and soul , group articul a flood of emot .
a pretti decent kid-pleas , tolerable-to-adult lark of a movi .
even dure the climact hourlong cricket match , boredom never take hold .
combin the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarin movi with the unsettl spooki of the supernatur -- whi did n't hollywood think of this sooner ?
like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to tri ani genr and to do it his own way .
noth can detract from the affect of that moral favorit : friend will be friend through thick and thin .
if the film has a problem , it short disappoint : you want the stori to go on and on .
unlik most anim , whose most ardent fan outsid japan seem to be introvert young men with fantasi fetish , metropoli never seem hopeless juvenil .
the plot twist give i am tri to break your heart an attract it desper need .
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film sinc jack carter went back to newcastl , the first half of gangster no. 1 drip with style and , at time , blood .
like it new england charact , most of whom wander about in thick cloud of denial , the movi eventu get around to it real emot busi , strike deep chord of sad .
the bai brother have taken an small slice of histori and open it up for all of us to understand , and they ve told a nice littl stori in the process .
flamboy in some movi and art restrain in other , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be look at his 12th oscar nomin by prove that he 's now , more than ever , choos his role with the precis of the insur actuari .
... is there a deeper , more direct connect between these women , one that span time and reveal mean ?
you bet there is and it 's what make this rather convolut journey worth take .
the most amaz super-s dosag of goofbal stunt ani `` jackass '' fan could want .
real women may have mani agenda , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
young everlyn sampi , as the courag molli craig , simpli radiat star-pow potenti in this remark and memor film .
surpris power and univers .
apart from it own consider achiev , metropoli confirm tezuka 's status as both the primari visual influenc on the anim tradit and it defin philosoph conscienc .
i ll put it this way : if you re in the mood for a melodrama narrat by talk fish , this is the movi for you .
morvern callar confirm lynn ramsay as an import , origin talent in intern cinema .
well-don supernatur thriller with keen insight into parapsycholog phenomena and the soul nuanc of the griev process .
a plethora of engag diatrib on the mean of ` home , ' deliv in grand passion by the member of the various household .
it 's technic sumptuous but also almost wild aliv .
this film put wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generat of film maker .
it 's refresh to see a movi that embrac it old-fashion theme and in the process come out look like someth wholli origin .
wiseman is patient and uncompromis , let his camera observ and record the live of women torn apart by a legaci of abus .
there 's none of the happily-ev - after spangl of monsoon wed in late marriag -- and that 's part of what make dover kosashvili 's outstand featur debut so potent .
an ingeni and often harrow look at damag peopl and how famili can offer either despair or consol .
arguabl the best script that besson has written in year .
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .
invigor , surreal , and reson with a rainbow of emot .
director alfonso cuaron get vivid , convinc perform from a fine cast , and general keep thing go at a rapid pace , occasion use an omnisci voice-ov narrat in the manner of french new wave film .
pray has realli done his subject justic .
an unexpect sweet stori of sisterhood .
maintain your sympathi for this otherwis challeng soul by let you share her one-room world for a while .
a subtl , humor , illumin studi of polit , power and social mobil .
even if you have no interest in the gang-infest , east-v .
- west coast rap war , this modern mob music drama never fail to fascin .
nair 's attent to detail creat an impecc sens of place , while thurman and lewi give what can easili be consid career-best perform .
berri 's sauci , full-bodi perform give this age seri a much need kick , make `` die anoth day '' one of the most entertain bond in year
red dragon is less baroqu and showi than hannib , and less emot affect than silenc .
but , like silenc , it 's a movi that get under your skin .
caviezel embodi the transform of his charact complet .
a creepi , intermitt power studi of a self-destruct man ... about as unsettl to watch as an exploratori medic procedur or an autopsi .
pacino and william seem to keep up the ant on each other , just as their charact do in the film .
what result is the best perform from either in year .
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenti of femal audienc member drool over michael idemoto as michael .
beart and berl are both superb , while huppert ... is magnific .
all the actor are good in paulin & paulett but van der groen , describ as ` belgium 's nation treasur , ' is especi terrif as paulin .
miyazaki has creat such a vibrant , color world , it 's almost imposs not to be swept away by the sheer beauti of his imag .
muccino seem to be explor the idea of whi human be long for what they do n't have , and how this get us in troubl .
but even while his charact are act horribl , he is alway sympathet .
whether or not you buy mr. broomfield 's find , the film acquir an undeni entertain valu as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continu to forc himself on peopl and into situat that would make lesser men run for cover .
ozpetek join the rank of those gay filmmak who have use the emigr experi to explor same-sex cultur in way that elud the more nation settl .
... an eerili suspens , deepli absorb piec that work as a treatis on spiritu as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
i ve never seen or heard anyth quit like this film , and i recommend it for it origin alon .
nicol kidman make it a parti worth attend .
the direct has a fluid , no-nonsens author , and the perform by harri , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal .
the komedi is a tale worth catch .
the write is clever and the cast is appeal .
the simplic of the way home has few equal this side of aesop
life on the rez is no picnic : this pictur show you whi .
spielberg has manag to marri scienc fiction with film noir and action flick with philosoph inquiri .
it 's the type of film about grow up that we do n't see often enough these day : realist , urgent , and not sugarco in the least .
a taut , sober film .
exud the fizz of a busbi berkeley music and the viscer excit of a sport extravaganza .
it 's full of cheesi dialogu , but great trashi fun that final return de palma to his pulpi thriller of the earli 80s .
the result , if not memor , are at least interest .
a quiet move look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tune in to it communiti .
i 'm sure mainstream audienc will be baffl , but , for those with at least a minim appreci of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hour repres two of those well spent .
you live the mood rather than savour the stori .
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villain , lecher polic chief scarpia , all sing beauti and act adequ .
while there are time when the film 's reach exceed it grasp , the product work more often than it doe n't .
while scorses 's bold imag and general smart cast ensur that `` gang '' is never letharg , the movi is hinder by a central plot that 's pepper with fals start and popul by charact who are near imposs to care about .
watch this gentl , mesmer portrait of a man come to term with time , you bare realiz your mind is be blown .
the beauti choreograph kitchen ballet is simpl but absorb .
there 's ... an under old world sexism to monday morn that undercut it charm .
`` the best disney movi sinc the lion king ''
transcend it agenda to deliv awe-inspir , at time sublim , visual and offer a fascin glimps into the subcultur of extrem athlet whose derring-do put the x into the game .
think of it as gidget , onli with muscl and a lot more smart , but just as endear and easi to watch .
there is no solac here , no entertain valu , mere a fierc lesson in where filmmak can take us .
giggl at the absurd and inconsist is part of the fun .
but the talent cast alon will keep you watch , as will the fight scene .
arteta paint a pictur of live live in a state of quiet desper .
drug abus , infidel and death are n't usual comedi fare , but turpin 's film allow us to chuckl through the angst .
while insomnia is in mani way a convent , even predict remak , nolan 's penetr undercurr of cerebr and cinemant flair lend -lrb- it -rrb- stimul depth .
efteriad give the neighborhood -- sceneri , vibe and all -- the cinemat equival of a big , tender hug .
this is a nice handl affair , a film about human dark but etch with a light -lrb- yet unsentiment -rrb- touch .
amaz !
a colleg stori that work even without vulgar , sex scene , and cuss !
the amaz film work is so convinc that by movi ' end you ll swear you are wet in some place and feel sand creep in other .
a raunchi and frequent hilari follow-up to the gift korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want .
if you ever want to be an astronaut , this is the ultim movi experi - it 's inform and breathtak spectacular .
while parker and co-writ catherin di napoli are faith to melvill 's plotlin , they and a fulli engag support cast ... have made the old boy 's charact more quick-wit than ani english lit major would have thought possibl .
a smart , sassi and except charm romant comedi .
there are flaw , but also stretch of impact and moment of awe we re wrap up in the charact , how they make their choic , and whi .
a gift to anyon who love both danc and cinema
it seem grant doe n't need the floppi hair and the self-deprec stammer after all .
a remind that beyond all the hype and recent digit glitz , spielberg know how to tell us about peopl .
one of the finest , most human and import holocaust movi ever made .
an engross and infecti enthusiast documentari .
a beauti , timeless and univers tale of heat passion -- jealousi , betray , forgiv and murder .
a culture-clash comedi that , in addit to be veri funni , captur some of the discomfort and embarrass of be a bumbl american in europ .
shatter , devast documentari on two maladjust teen in a downward narcot spiral .
extraordinari debut from josh kouri .
the most compel perform of the year add substanti depth to this shock testament to anti-semit and neo-fasc .
for those who are intrigu by polit of the 70s , the film is everi bit as fascin as it is flaw .
all right , so it 's not a brilliant piec of filmmak , but it is a funni -lrb- sometim hilari -rrb- comedi with a deft sens of humor about itself , a play spirit and a game cast .
dougla mcgrath 's nichola nicklebi doe dicken as it should be done cinemat .
it 's a love , eeri film that cast an odd , rapt spell .
the quirki and recess charm of co-star martin donovan and mary-louis parker help overcom the problemat script .
it 's good to see michael cain whip out the dirti word and punch peopl in the stomach again .
you just know someth terribl is go to happen .
but when it doe , you re entir unprepar .
it 's fun , wispi , wise and surpris inoffens for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
abl to provid insight into a fascin part of theater histori .
an unflinch , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rare seen on-screen .
a jewish ww ii doc that is n't tri simpli to out-shock , out-outrag or out-depress it potenti audienc !
who knew ...
it 's a familiar stori , but one that is present with great sympathi and intellig .
gentl humor and touch .
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch 's tale provid the forgett pleasur of a saturday matine .
kinnear 's perform is a career-defin revel .
the film is predict in the reassur manner of a beauti sung holiday carol .
... hit everi clich we ve come to expect , includ the assumpt that `` crazi '' peopl are innoc , childlik and inher funni .
the strong subject matter continu to shock throughout the film .
not everyon will play the dark , challeng tune taught by the piano teacher .
a certain sexi underlin even the dullest tangent .
you may be captiv , as i was , by it mood , and by it subt transform star , and still wonder whi paul thoma anderson ever had the inclin to make the most sincer and art movi in which adam sandler will probabl ever appear .
there is no substitut for on-screen chemistri , and when friel pull the string that make william sink into melancholia , the reaction in william is as viscer as a gut punch .
that old adag about women be unknow get an exhilar new interpret in morvern callar .
a mix of gritti realism , crisp storytel and radiant compass that effortless draw you in .
after watch it , you can onli love the player it bring to the fore for the gift but no-nonsens human be they are and for the still-inestim contribut they have made to our share histori .
in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler prove himself a deft pace master and stylist .
ultim x is a ride , basic the kind of greatest-hit reel that might come with a subscript to espn the magazin .
rich in shadowi metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devil on the doorstep is a wartim farc in the altern comic and gut-wrench style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
offer a clear-ey chronicl of a femal friendship that is more complex and honest than anyth repres in a hollywood film .
a win comedi with it wri observ about long-liv friendship and the way in which we all lose track of ourselv by tri to pleas other .
it cast full of caffein comedi perform more than make up for it logic loophol , which fli by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
lohman adapt to the chang requir of her , but the actress and director peter kosminski never get the audienc to break through the wall her charact erect
although it includ a fair share of dumb drug joke and predict slapstick , `` orang counti '' is far funnier than it would seem to have ani right to be .
for a movi audienc , the hour doe n't connect in a neat way , but introduc charact who illumin mysteri of sex , duti and love .
a bright , invent , thorough win flight of revisionist fanci .
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especi well-execut televis movi .
affirm the gift of all involv , start with spielberg and go right through the rank of the player -- on-camera and off -- that he bring togeth .
a delight littl film that revel in it own simplic , most martha will leav you with a smile on your face and a grumbl in your stomach .
make one thing abund clear .
american music comedi as we know it would n't exist without the preced of yiddish theater , whose jolli , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goe to the essenc of broadway .
deepa mehta provid an access introduct as well as some intellig observ on the success of bollywood in the western world .
if anyth , the film is do someth of a public servic -- shed light on a group of extrem talent musician who might otherwis go unnot and underappreci by music fan .
in addit to glu you to the edg of your seat , chang lane is also a film of fresh , imagin and insight .
pan nalin 's exposit is beauti and mysteri , and the interview that follow , with the practition of this ancient indian practic , are as subtl and as enigmat .
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incred storylin to a t.
it 's crafti , energet and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferri bueller .
a work of extraordinari journal , but it is also a work of deft and subtl poetri .
it 's funni and human and realli pretti damn wonder , all at onc .
at 78 minut it just zing along with vibranc and warmth .
a strang stir experi that find warmth in the coldest environ and make each crumb of emot comfort feel like a 10-cours banquet .
sometim this ` blood ' seem as tire as it protagonist ... still , the puls never disappear entir , and the pictur cross the finish line wind but still game .
the stripped-down dramat construct , auster imageri and abstract charact are equal part poetri and polit , obvious at time but evoc and heartfelt .
dogtown and z-boy more than expos the root of the skateboard boom that would becom `` the punk kid ' revolut . ''
... plenti of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of famili .
it ll keep you wide awak and ... veri tens .
could use a littl more human , but it never lack in eye-pop visual .
-lrb- danni huston give -rrb- an astound perform that deft , gradual reveal a real human soul buri beneath a spellbind serpent 's smirk .
these three film form a remark cohes whole , both visual and themat , through their consist sensit and often excit treatment of an ignor peopl .
a funni and well-contruct black comedi where the old adag `` be care what you wish for '' is given a full workout .
it reaffirm life as it look in the face of death .
the film is reason entertain , though it begin to drag two-third through , when the melodramat aspect start to overtak the comedi .
this is more fascin -- be real -- than anyth seen on jerri springer .
a differ movi -- sometim tedious -- by a director mani viewer would like to skip but film buff should get to know .
william play sy , anoth of his open-fac , smile madmen , like the killer in insomnia .
he doe this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulti accept him in the role .
twist open the ouzo !
it 's time to let your hair down -- greek style .
a vibrant whirlwind of love , famili and all that goe with it , my big fat greek wed is a non-stop funni feast of warmth , colour and cring .
thought-provok and stylish , if also somewhat hermet .
broomfield is energ by volletta wallac 's matern furi , her fearless , and becaus of that , his film crackl .
while it has definit weak -- like a rather unbeliev love interest and a meander end -- this 60s caper film is a rivet , brisk delight .
funni in a sick , twist sort of way .
if cinema had been around to captur the chao of franc in the 1790 's , one imagin the result would look like someth like this .
it 's a talk head documentari , but a great one .
the fast runner ' transport the viewer into an unusu space
ultim engag less for it stori of actor existenti despair than for it boundary-hop formal innov and glimps into anoth kind of chines ` cultur revolut . '
... a solid , well-form satir .
as part of mr. dong 's continu explor of homosexu in america , famili fundament is an earnest studi in despair .
most consum of lo mein and general tso 's chicken bare give a thought to the folk who prepar and deliv it , so , hope , this film will attach a human face to all those littl steam carton .
hatosi ... portray young brendan with his usual intellig and subtleti , not to mention a convinc brogu .
the filmmak ' eye for detail and the high standard of perform convey a strong sens of the girl ' environ .
uneven , self-consci but often hilari spoof .
even bigger and more ambiti than the first instal , spi kid 2 look as if it were made by a high gift 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
thank to the chateau 's balanc of whimsic , narrat disciplin and serious improvis , almost everi relationship and person in the film yield surpris .
alan and his fellow survivor are idiosyncrat enough to lift the movi abov it playwrit 101 premis .
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc take a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenr and beat new life into it .
the premis of jason x is silli but strang believ .
it 's a wise and power tale of race and cultur forc told , with superb perform throughout .
an aw good , ach human pictur .
the cast come through even when the movi doe n't .
you ll laugh at either the obvious of it all or it stupid or mayb even it invent , but the point is , you ll laugh .
definit worth 95 minut of your time .
the film jolt the laugh from the audienc -- as if by cattl prod .
a sexi , surpris romanc ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scene brim with sexual possibl and emot danger .
toe the fine line between chees and earnest remark well everyth is deliv with such convict that it 's hard not to be carri away .
wherea oliv stone 's conspiraci thriller jfk was long , intric , star-stud and visual flashi , interview with the assassin draw it consider power from simplic .
funni , sexi , devast and incur romant .
tripl x is a doubl agent , and he 's one bad dude .
when you ve got the wild popular vin diesel in the equat , it add up to big box offic buck all but guarante .
veri well-written and veri well-act .
a power and tell stori that examin forbidden love , racial tension , and other issu that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
you emerg daze , confus as to whether you ve seen pornographi or documentari .
it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlik last year 's lame musket , this duma adapt entertain .
likeabl thank to it cast , it cuisin and it quirki tune .
chill in it object portrait of dreari , lost twenty-first centuri america .
high recommend as an engross stori about a horrifi histor event and the element which contribut to it .
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the heart of anim enthusiast of all age .
it manag to squeez by on angelina joli 's surpris flair for self-deprec comedi .
secretari manag a neat trick , bundl the flower of pervers , comedi and romanc into a strang tempt bouquet of a movi .
judith and zaza 's extend bedroom sequenc ... is so intim and sensual and funni and psycholog self-rev that it make most of what pass for sex in the movi look like cheap hyster .
photograph with melancholi rich and eloqu perform yet also decid uncinemat .
a know look at femal friendship , spike with raw urban humor .
as i settl into my world war ii memori , i found myself strang move by even the corniest and most hackney contriv .
the overal effect is awe and affect -- and a strang urg to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
it 's that rare famili movi -- genuin and sweet without reli on anim or dumb humor .
the triniti assembl approach the endeavor with a shock lack of ironi , and georg ratliff 's documentari , hell hous , reflect their earnest -- which make for a terrifi film .
confess may not be a straightforward bio , nor doe it offer much in the way of barri ' motiv , but the film is an odd fascin depict of an architect of pop cultur .
a special kind of movi , this melanchol film noir remind me a lot of memento ...
simpl , poignant and leaven with humor , it 's a film that affirm the nourish aspect of love and companionship .
togeth , miller , kura and the actress make person veloc into an intric , intim and intellig journey .
the wonder of most martha is the perform of gedeck , who make martha enorm endear .
with notori c.h.o. cho prove she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphi .
less front-load and more shape than the two-hour version releas here in 1990 .
watch war photograph , you come to believ that nachtwey hate the war he show and empath with the victim he reveal .
-lrb- a -rrb- real pleasur in it laid-back way .
some may choos to interpret the film 's end as hope or optimist but i think payn is after someth darker .
though it run 163 minut , safe conduct is anyth but languor .
it 's pack to burst with incid , and with score of charact , some fiction , some from histori .
a much better documentari -- more reveal , more emot and more surpris -- than it pedestrian english titl would have you believ .
notwithstand my problem with the movi 's final half hour , i 'm go to recommend secretari , base on the wonder act clinic put on by spader and gyllenha , and also the uniqu way shainberg goe about tell what at heart is a sweet littl girl -
a well-craft film that is all the more remark becaus it achiev it emot power and moment of revel with restraint and a delic ambigu .
the film has the uncanni abil to right itself precis when you think it 's in danger of go wrong .
my big fat greek wed is that rare anim known as ' a perfect famili film , ' becaus it 's about famili .
would make an excel companion piec to the similar theme ` the french lieuten 's woman . '
... with the gift pearc on hand to keep thing on semi-st ground dramat , this retool machin is ultim effect enough at achiev the modest , crowd-pleas goal it set for itself .
a movi that 's just plain aw but still manag to entertain on a guilty-pleasur , so-bad-it 's - funni level .
a disori but occasion disarm saga pack with moment out of an alic in wonderland adventur , a stalker thriller , and a condens season of tv 's big brother .
function as both a reveal look at the collabor process and a time , tongue-in-cheek profil of the corpor circus that is the record industri in the current climat of merger and downsiz .
with a confront stanc , todd solondz take aim on polit correct and suburban famili .
a mess , but it 's a sincer mess .
this odd , distant portugues import more or less borrow from bad lieuten and les vampir , and come up with a kind of art-hous gay porn film .
for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feel unusu assur .
a photograph marvel of sort , and it 's certain an invalu record of that special fishi communiti .
it 's soul and unslick , and that 's appar just what -lrb- aniston -rrb- has alway need to grow into a movi career .
although olivi assaya ' eleg appoint period drama seem , at time , pad with incid in the way of a too-conscienti adapt ... it three-hour run time play closer to two .
a jaw-drop beauti work that upend near everi clich of japanes anim while deliv a more than satisfactori amount of carnag .
terri is a sort of geriatr dirti harri , which will pleas eastwood 's loyal fan -- and suit the stori , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompet cop to get his man .
part seem like they were lift from terri gilliam 's subconsci , press through kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's case
` like a child with an import messag to tell ... -lrb- skin ' -rrb- fault are easi to forgiv becaus the intent are lofti . ' a delight entre in the tradit of food movi .
an escapist confect that 's pure entertain .
the ring is worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrill from your halloween entertain .
the movi ultim reli a bit too heavili on grandstand , emot , rocky-lik moment ... but it 's such a warm and charm packag that you ll feel too happi to argu much .
throw it all away for the fleet joy of love 's brief moment .
arm with a game support cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the alway hilari meara and levi , like mike shoot and score , do it namesak proud .
a decent-enough nail-bit that stand a good chanc of be the big hit franklin need to stay afloat in hollywood .
begin like a docu-drama but build it multi-charact stori with a flourish .
one of the most genuin sweet film to come along in quit some time .
after an uncertain start , murder hit and general sustain a higher plateau with bullock 's memor first interrog of gosl .
the stori ultim take hold and grip hard .
a bit of a downer and a littl over-dramat at time , but this is a beauti film for peopl who like their romanc to have that french realism .
an emot strong and polit potent piec of cinema .
entic and often funni documentari .
go to this movi is a littl like chew whale blubber - it 's an acquir tast that take time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it doe take 3 hour to get through .
a portrait of hell so shatter it 's imposs to shake .
almodovar is an imagin teacher of emot intellig in this engag film about two men who discov what william jame onc call ` the gift of tear . '
better than the tepid star trek : insurrect fall short of first contact becaus the villain could n't pick the lint off borg queen alic krige 's cape and finish half a parsec -lrb- a nose -rrb- ahead of generat .
at time a bit melodramat and even a littl date -lrb- depend upon where you live -rrb- , ignor fairi is still quit good-natur and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
tens , terrif , sweaty-palm fun .
majidi 's direct has never been smoother or more confid .
what a bewild brilliant and entertain movi this is .
hard , endear , care , warm .
bring tissu .
a thriller with an edg -- which is to say that it doe n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dot storylin which has becom commonplac in movi that explor the seami underbelli of the crimin world .
`` me without you '' is a probe examin of a femal friendship set against a few dynam decad .
inher caustic and odd whimsic , the film chime in on the griev process and strang draw the audienc into the unexplain pain and eccentr that are attach to the concept of loss .
though frodo 's quest remain unfulfil , a hardi group of determin new zealand has prove it creativ mettl .
it 's a squar , sentiment drama that satisfi , as comfort food often can .
pure cinemat intox , a wild invent mixtur of comedi and melodrama , tasteless and swoon eleg .
ramsay is clear extraordinarili talent , and base on three short film and two featur , here 's bet her third featur will be someth to behold .
i was impress by how mani tit-for-tat retaliatori respons the filmmak allow befor pull the plug on the conspir and avert an american-russian armageddon .
a classi , spright spin on film .
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
a spiffi anim featur about an unruli adolesc boy who is yearn for adventur and a chanc to prove his worth .
devo and cassel have tremend chemistri -- their sexual and romant tension , while never realli vocal , is palpabl .
fulfil the minimum requir of disney anim .
a move , if uneven , success .
with one except , everi blighter in this particular south london hous project dig into dysfunct like it 's a big , comfort jar of marmit , to be slather on cracker and serv as a feast of bleak .
wick funni , visual engross , never bore , this movi challeng us to think about the way we consum pop cultur .
there 's plenti to impress about e.t.
a chronicl not onli of one man 's quest to be presid , but of how that man single-hand turn a plane full of hard-bitten , cynic journalist into what was essenti , by campaign 's end , an extend public depart .
until it goe off the rail in it final 10 or 15 minut , wendigo , larri fessenden 's spooki new thriller , is a refresh smart and newfangl variat on sever theme deriv from far less sophist and know horror film .
-lrb- woo 's -rrb- most reson film sinc the killer .
collater damag is trash , but it earn extra point by act as if it were n't .
a whole lot of fun and funni in the middl , though somewhat less hard-hit at the start and finish .
mayb it is formula filmmak , but there 's noth wrong with that if the film is well-craft and this one is .
-lrb- fincher 's -rrb- camera sens and assur pace make it an above-averag thriller .
the film is insight about kissing 's background and histori .
an engross portrait of a man whose engag manner and flamboy style made him a truli larger-than-lif charact .
a lot of the credit for the film 's win tone must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dri humor that first made audienc on both side of the atlant love him .
exploit -lrb- headbang -rrb- stereotyp in good fun , while ad a bit of heart and unsettl subject matter .
a journey that is as difficult for the audienc to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potenti just as reward .
ratliff 's two previous titl , plutonium circus and purgatori counti show his penchant for wri , contenti configur , and this film is part of that delic canon .
from it invit upbeat overtur to it pathos-fil but ultim life-affirm final , martin is a master conduct work .
passion , obsess , and loneliest dark spot are push to their most virtuous limit , lend the narrat an unusu surreal tone .
a comedi that swing and jostl to the rhythm of life .
at time auto focus feel so distant you might as well be watch it through a telescop .
yet in it own aloof , unreach way it 's so fascin you wo n't be abl to look away for a second .
if you re part of her target audienc , you ll cheer .
otherwis , mayb .
as anim increas emphas the comput and the cool , this is a film that take a stand in favor of tradit and warmth .
blade ii merg bit and piec from fight game , wire fu , horror movi , mysteri , jame bond , wrestl , sci-fi and anim into one big bloodi stew .
instead of hit the audienc over the head with a moral , schrader reli on subtl ironi and visual devic to convey point of view .
k-19 will not go down in the annal of cinema as one of the great submarin stori , but it is an engag and excit narrat of man confront the demon of his own fear and paranoia .
contriv as this may sound , mr. rose 's updat work surpris well .
a glib but bounci bit of sixties-styl slick in which the hero might wind up caught but the audienc get pure escap .
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreci scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentari that work .
between burst of automat gunfir , the stori offer a trenchant critiqu of capit .
combin improb melodrama -lrb- gore bullfight , comatos ballerina -rrb- with subt kinki bedsid vigil and sensat denouement , and yet at the end , we are undeni touch .
while the stori 's undeni hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visual seduc .
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
a love film ... eleg , witti and beneath a prim exterior unabash romant ... huge enjoy in it own right though not realli faith to it sourc 's complex .
scoobi doo is sure everyth it fan are hope it will be , and in that sens is a movi that deserv recommend .
-lrb- a -rrb- devast power and astonish vivid holocaust drama .
a solid cast , assur direct and complet lack of modern day ironi .
these charact are so well establish that the gang feel comfort with take insan liberti and do the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that .
a sun-drench masterpiec , part parlor game , part psycholog case studi , part droll social satir .
worth a look as a curios .
you watch for that sens of open , the littl surpris .
director peter kosminski give these women a forum to demonstr their act ` chop ' and they take full advantag .
auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic .
schrader aim to present an unflinch look at one man 's downfal , brought about by his lack of self-awar .
the bourn ident should n't be half as entertain as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagu have manag to pack it with enough action to satisfi the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrific of charact and mood .
for veggietal fan , this is more appet than a side dish of asparagus .
if you re not a fan , it might be like tri to eat brussel sprout .
remov spider-man the movi from it red herring surround and it 's appar that this is one summer film that satisfi .
the whole mild pleasant outing -- the r rate is for brief nuditi and a grisli corps -- remain aloft not on it own self-referenti hot air , but on the inspir perform of tim allen .
a gorgeous strang movi , heaven is deepli concern with moral , but it refus to spell thing out for viewer .
the emperor 's club , ruthless in it own placid way , find one of our most conserv and hidebound movie-mak tradit and give it new textur , new relev , new realiti .
it 's truli aw and heartbreak subject matter , but one whose lesson are well worth revisit as mani time as possibl .
though intrepid in explor an attract that cross sexual ident , ozpetek fall short in show us antonia 's true emot ... but at the veri least , his secret life will leav you think .
there is littl question that this is a serious work by an import director who has someth new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be play out .
the messag of such reflect -- intent or not -- is that while no art grow from a vacuum , mani artist exist in one .
good is the energet frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmak come up with noth origin in the way of slapstick sequenc .
the otherwis good-natured of mr. deed , with it embrac of sheer goofi and cameo of less - than-lik new york celebr ... certain rais the film abov anyth sandler 's been attach to befor .
the movi is brilliant , realli .
it is philosophi , illustr through everyday event .
it 's stylish direct with verv ...
give an intrigu twist to the french coming-of-ag genr .
offer an interest look at the rapid chang face of beij .
a solid , psycholog action film from hong kong .
see it now , befor the inevit hollywood remak flatten out all it odd , intrigu wrinkl .
holm doe his sli , intric magic , and iben hjelj is entir appeal as pumpkin .
an enjoy feel-good famili comedi regardless of race .
featur what is sure the funniest and most accur depict of writer 's block ever .
it would take a complet moron to foul up a screen adapt of oscar wild 's classic satir .
it 's bright , pristin style and bold color make it as much fun as read an overs pictur book befor bedtim .
in the long , dishonor histori of quicki teen-pop exploit , like mike stand out for it onli part synthet decenc .
bravo for histori rewritten , and for the uncompromis knowledg that the highest power of all is the power of love .
lead actress gai , she of the imposs long limb and sweet conspiratori smile , is a tower siren .
even if you ve seen `` stomp '' -lrb- the stage show -rrb- , you still have to see this !
... a light , yet engross piec .
lux , now in her eighti , doe a great combin act as narrat , jewish grandmoth and subject -- take us through a film that is part biographi , part entertain and part histori .
it 's a setup so easi it border on facil , but keep the film from cheap-shot mediocr is it crack cast .
rife with the rueful , wri humor spring out of yiddish cultur and languag .
a time machin , a journey back to your childhood , when care melt away in the dark theater , and film had the abil to mesmer , astonish and entertain .
rubbo 's humor tendenti intervent into the who-wrote-shakespear controversi .
cantet beauti illumin what it mean sometim to be insid look out , and at other time outsid look in .
k-19 : the widowmak is a great yarn .
it 's as raw and action-pack an experi as a ringsid seat at a tough-man contest .
evok the frustrat , the awkward and the euphoria of grow up , without reli on the usual trope .
a brilliant gag at the expens of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
visual strike and viscer repel .
overcom it visual hideous with a sharp script and strong perform .
astonish skill and move ... it could becom a histor signific work as well as a master made one .
beauti craft and cooli unsettl ... recreat the atmospher of the crime expert .
the year 2002 has conjur up more coming-of-ag stori than seem possibl , but take care of my cat emerg as the veri best of them .
although it doe n't alway hang togeth -- violenc and whimsi do n't combin easili -- `` cherish '' certain is n't dull .
the sight of the spaceship on the launch pad is duli impress in imax dimens , as are shot of the astronaut float in their cabin .
time is a beauti film to watch , an interest and at time captiv take on loss and loneli .
an intrigu look at the french film industri dure the german occup it most delight moment come when various charact express their quirki inner selv .
a fine documentari can be distinguish from a mediocr one by the better film 's abil to make it subject interest to those who are n't part of it suppos target audienc .
judg by those standard , ` scratch ' is a pretti decent littl documentari .
fubar is veri funni , but not alway in a laugh-out-loud way .
a divers and astonish articul cast of palestinian and isra children .
slight but enjoy documentari .
` the film is stark , straightforward and dead ... an unnatur calm that 's occasion shaken by ... blast of rage , and later , violent jealousi . '
call this the full monti on ice , the underdog sport team formula redux .
unfold in a low-key , organ way that encourag you to accept it as life and go with it flow .
a beguil evoc of the qualiti that keep dicken evergreen : the exuber open with which he express our most basic emot .
the heat of the moment prevail .
it cook conduct in a low , smoki and invit sizzl .
a rivet stori well told .
deni forg out of the theori of class - base rage and sister obsess a razor-sid tune fork that ring with cultur , sexual and social discord .
a compel pre-wwii drama with vivid charact and a warm , move messag .
the star may be colleg kid , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptat of the flesh are unleash by a slight craze , overt determin young woman and a one-night swim turn into an ocean of troubl .
pretti good littl movi .
by turn touch , raucous amus , uncomfort , and , yes , even sexi , never again is a welcom and heartwarm addit to the romant comedi genr .
if you have n't seen the film late , you may be surpris at the varieti of tone in spielberg 's work .
much of it is funni , but there are also some startl , surrealist moment ...
-lrb- the digit effect -rrb- remind me of terri gilliam 's rudimentari old monti python cartoon , in which he would cut out figur from draw and photograph and past them togeth .
an entertain mix of period drama and flat-out farc that should pleas histori fan .
canada 's arctic light shine bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breath extraordinari life into the privat exist of the inuit peopl .
the fluid motion is astound on ani number of level -- includ the physic demand made on buttner -- and it impli in it wake the intract , irrevers flow of histori .
altern hilari and sad , aggrav and soul , scath and joyous .
it 's a masterpeic .
the film 's messag of toler and divers are n't particular origin , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathet charact .
though it lack the utter author of a genr gem , there 's a certain robust to this engag mix of love and bloodlet .
a convent , but well-craft film about a histor legal battl in ireland over a man 's right to rais his own children .
yes , it 's as good as you rememb .
in fact , even better .
hartley add enough quirki and satir touch in the screenplay to keep the film entertain .
an uncomfort movi , suffoc and sometim almost senseless , the grey zone doe have a center , though a morbid one .
this is a harrow movi about how parent know where all the button are , and how to push them .
a stir road movi .
one of the best film i have ever seen , constant pull the rug from underneath us , see thing from new side , plung deeper , get more intens .
insan hilari !
i have n't laugh that hard in year !
anyon who 's ever suffer under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantas about what an unhappi , repress and twist person life their tormentor deserv .
these peopl are realli go to love the piano teacher .
it 's a tour de forc , written and direct so quiet that it 's implos rather than explos you fear .
it may not be histori -- but then again , what if it is ?
-- but it make for one of the most pure enjoy and satisfi even at the movi i ve had in a while .
if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgi piec of disney anim to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background sinc `` dumbo '' certain rank as the most origin in year .
this may be dover kosashvili 's featur direct debut , but it look an aw lot like life -- gritti , awkward and iron .
this ready-mad midnight movi probabl wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right condit , it 's goofi -lrb- if not entir wholesom -rrb- fun .
see scratch for the histori , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratch , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
... `` bowl for columbin '' remain a disquiet and thought-provok film ... even though it is infus with the sensibl of a video director , it doe n't make for complet empti entertain
but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistri between joli and burn ... this otherwis appeal pictur lose it soul to screenwrit for dummi conform .
talk to her is so darn assur , we have absolut no idea who the main charact are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watch .
star\/produc salma hayek and director juli taymor have infus frida with a visual style uniqu and inher to the titular charact 's paint and in the process creat a master work of art of their own .
a truli wonder tale combin with stun anim .
a low-key labor of love that strike a veri reson chord .
an averag kid-empower fantasi with slight above-averag brain .
confess is n't alway coher , but it 's sharpli comic and surpris touch , so hold the gong .
while guzman frustrat refus to give pinochet 's crime a polit context , his distanc from the materi is most admir .
... a stori , an old and scari one , about the monster we make , and the vengeanc they take .
a sentiment but entir irresist portrait of three age sister .
white oleand may leav you roll your eye in the dark , but that doe n't mean you wo n't like look at it .
in paint an unabash romant pictur of a nation whose song spring direct from the live of the peopl , the movi exalt the marxian dream of honest work folk , with littl to show for their labor , live harmoni , join in song .
the most brilliant work in this genr sinc the 1984 uncut version of sergio leon 's flaw but stagger onc upon a time in america .
it look close , insight at fragil , complex relationship .
not a bad choic here , assum that ... the air-condit in the theater is work proper .
a fine effort , an interest topic , some intrigu charact and a sad end .
certain the big finish was n't someth galinski and hawley could have plan for ... but part of be a good documentarian is be there when the rope snap .
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchis sequel star wesley snipe .
there are moment of hilar to be had .
a hypnot portrait of this sad , compuls life .
-lrb- while the last metro -rrb- was more melodramat , confin to a singl theater compani and it strategi and decept , while taverni is more concern with the entir period of histori .
one of the best film of the year with it exquisit act , invent screenplay , mesmer music , and mani inimit scene of tender , loss , discont , and yearn .
return to never land is reliabl , standard disney anim fare , with enough creativ energi and wit to entertain all age .
michael moor 's latest documentari about america 's thirst for violenc is his best film yet ...
suffic to say that after see this movi in imax form , you ll be more acquaint with the tiniest detail of tom hank ' face than his wife is .
like a tarantino movi with heart , alia betti is rich detail , deft execut and utter absorb .
marvel entertain and deliri joyous documentari .
a brisk , rever , and subt differ sequel .
a movi i love on first sight and , even more import , love in remembr .
deserv a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film histori .
murder maid pull no punch in it depict of the live of the papin sister and the event that led to their notori rise to infami ...
this is an undeni intrigu film from an adventur young talent who find his inspir on the fring of the american underground .
the sweetest thing , a romant comedi with outrag tendenc , may be a mess in a lot of way .
but it doe have one save grace .
a lot of it gag and observ reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
this is lightweight filmmak , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and ooz with attract men .
at it most basic , this cartoon adventur is that wind-in-the-hair exhilar .
fan of critic ' darl band wilco will marvel at the sometim murki , alway brood look of i am tri to break your heart .
the film present viscer and danger honest revel about the men and machin behind the curtain of our planet .
-lrb- gosl 's -rrb- combin of explos physic energi and convinc intellig help creat a complex , unpredict charact .
confound becaus it solemn advanc a dare preposter thesi .
act can not be act .
fulford-wierzbicki ... deft captur the wise-beyond-her-year teen .
a wild ride juic with enough energi and excit for at least three film .
it 's a cool event for the whole famili .
mayb not a classic , but a movi the kid will want to see over and over again .
the movi is not as terribl as the synergist impuls that creat it .
a typic observ , care nuanc and intim french coming-of-ag film that is an encourag debut featur but has a needless downbeat end that is too heavi for all that has preced it .
less an examin of neo-naz than a probe into the natur of faith itself .
a move and weighti depict of one famili 's attempt to heal after the death of a child .
i do n't think most of the peopl who love the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
but i do .
a zinger-fil crowd-pleas that open-mind elvi fan -lrb- but by no mean all -rrb- will have fun with .
digg and lathan are among the chief reason brown sugar is such a sweet and sexi film .
entir suspens , extrem well-pac and ultim ... dare i say , entertain !
the rivet perform by the incred flexibl cast make love a joy to behold .
terrif as nadia , a russian mail-ord bride who come to america speak not a word of english , it 's kidman who hold the film togeth with a suprem kittenish perform that gradual accumul more layer .
with an unflapp air of decad urban , everett remain a perfect wildean actor , and a relax firth display impecc comic skill .
the re-releas of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format prove absolut that realli , realli , realli good thing can come in enorm packag .
veri well written and direct with brutal honesti and respect for it audienc .
wonder fenc scene and an excit plot make this an emin engross film .
it 's pretti linear and onli makeup-deep , but bogdanovich tie it togeth with effici and an affect for the period .
a surpris charm and even witti match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adapt .
this is a superior horror flick .
adapt is simpli brilliant .
smart and alert , thirteen convers about one thing is a small gem .
the pleasur of read my lip is like see a seri of perfect black pearl click togeth to form a string .
we re drawn in by the dark luster .
a haunt tale of murder and mayhem .
i love the open scene of a wintri new york citi in 1899 .
cinemat poetri showcas the citi 's old-world charm befor machin chang near everyth .
it 's hard to imagin anyon manag to steal a movi not onli from charismat rise star jake gyllenha but also from accomplish oscar winner susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holli hunter , yet newcom ellen pompeo pull off the feat with aplomb .
one of the best rock documentari ever .
wilco is a phenomen band with such an engross stori that will captur the mind and heart of mani .
ian holm conquer franc as an earthi napoleon
offer big , fat , dumb laugh that may make you hate yourself for give in .
ah , what the hell .
-lrb- sport -rrb- admir energi , full-bodi character and narrat urgenc .
a portrait of an artist .
director brett morgen and nanett burstein have put togeth a bold biograph fantasia .
the subtitl costum drama is set in a remot african empir befor cell phone , gun , and the intern combust engin , but the polit that thump through it are as time as tomorrow .
a tremend piec of work .
a delight , if minor , pastri of a movi .
while obvious aim at kid , the countri bear ... should keep parent amus with it low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
labut master balanc both tradit or modern stori togeth in a manner that one never overwhelm the other .
someth for everyon .
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his plea to spare wildlif and respect their environ .
there are far wors messag to teach a young audienc , which will probabl be perfect happi with the sloppi slapstick comedi .
leigh succeed in deliv a dramat slap in the face that 's simultan pain and refresh .
not about scare but a mood in which an omin , pervas , and unknown threat lurk just below the proceed and add an almost constant mindset of suspens .
` film aficionado can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the origin version or new director 's cut . '
a fascin glimps into an insular world that give the lie to mani clich and showcas a group of dedic artist .
it 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongo - and unpreced - construct project go on over our head .
it 's quit anoth to feel physic caught up in the process .
contradict everyth we ve come to expect from movi nowaday .
instead of simpli handl convent materi in a convent way , secretari take the most unexpect materi and handl it in the most unexpect way .
could i have been more geek when i heard that apollo 13 was go to be releas in imax format ?
in a word : no. .
murder maid has a lot go for it , not least the brilliant perform by testud ... and parmenti .
filmmak staci peralta has a flashi edit style that doe n't alway jell with sean penn 's monoton narrat , but he respect the materi without sentiment it .
there are a coupl of thing that elev `` glori '' abov most of it ilk , most notabl the mere presenc of duval .
it 's light on the chill and heavi on the atmospher weird , and there are moment of jaw-drop odd behavior -- yet i found it weird appeal .
-lrb- rise -rrb- abov it oh-so-hollywood rejigg and it convent direct to give the film a soul and an unabash sens of good old-fashion escap .
a breezi blend of art , histori , esoter muse and philosophi .
kid will love it fantasi and adventur , and grownup should appreci it whimsic humor .
tsai ming-liang 's ghost are pain awar of their not-b .
leap from one arrest imag to anoth , song from the second floor has all the enjoy random of a veri live dream and so manag to be compel , amus and unsettl at the same time .
sean penn , you owe nicola cage an apolog .
the perform are uniform good .
she 's all-pow , a voic for a pop-cyb cultur that feed on her bjork .
it 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underr profession who deserv but rare receiv it .
for all it plot twist , and some of them verg on the bizarr as the film wind down , blood work is a strong , character-ori piec .
the stori line may be 127 year old , but el crimen del padr amaro ... could n't be more time in it despair vision of corrupt within the cathol establish .
this in-depth studi of import develop of the comput industri should make it requir view in univers comput scienc depart for year to come .
it show us a slice of life that 's veri differ from our own and yet instant recogniz .
a wonder specul charact studi that made up for it rather slow begin by draw me into the pictur .
has it share of arrest imag .
leav it to john sayl to take on develop , the chamber of commerc , tourism , histor pageant , and commerci all in the same movi ... without neglect charact develop for even one minut .
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-tim great apocalyps movi .
a smart littl indi .
payn has creat a beauti canva , and nicholson prove onc again that he 's the best brush in the busi .
tri as you might to resist , if you ve got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movi will worm it way there .
a rivet profil of law enforc , and a viscer , nasti journey into an urban hade .
director dougla mcgrath take on nicklebi with all the halfheart zeal of an 8th grade boy delv into requir read .
stand as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , realli , to be a human be -- in the week after 9\/11 .
i am not general a huge fan of cartoon deriv from tv show , but hey arnold !
the movi is clever , offbeat and even gritti enough to overcom my resist .
with not a lot of help from the screenplay -lrb- profici , but singular cursori -rrb- , -lrb- testud -rrb- act with the feral intens of the young bett davi .
it 's a film that 's destin to win a wide summer audienc through word-of-mouth review and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's anim classic .
slow and ponder , but rohmer 's drama build to an intens indoor drama about compass , sacrific , and christian love in the face of polit corrupt .
if you re not total weird - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapi spectacl , quit hit home with disori forc .
austin power for the most part is extrem funni , the first part make up for ani flaw that come later .
while tattoo borrow heavili from both seven and the silenc of the lamb , it manag to maintain both a level of sophist intrigu and human-scal charact that suck the audienc in .
cho continu her explor of the outer limit of raunch with consider brio .
elvira fan could hard ask for more .
a canni , deriv , wild gruesom portrait of a london sociopath who 's the scariest of sadist .
the movi should be credit with rememb his victim .
fast-pac and wonder edit , the film is extrem thorough .
a brace , unblink work that serv as a pain elegi and sober cautionari tale .
hashiguchi use the situat to evok a japan bustl atop an undercurr of loneli and isol .
as if tri to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tri to squeez his stori , the more detail slip out between his finger .
my big fat greek wed is not onli the best date movi of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delight charm -- and total american , i might add -- slice of comed bliss .
few film have captur the chao of an urban conflagr with such furi , and audienc member will leav feel as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper look when the bullet stop fli .
anoth love stori in 2002 's remark process of sweep pictur that have reinvigor the romanc genr .
it 's anoth retel of alexandr duma ' classic .
whi ?
who know , but it work under the direct of kevin reynold .
-lrb- f -rrb- rom the perform and the cinematographi to the outstand soundtrack and unconvent narrat , the film is blaze aliv and admir on mani level .
shiri is an action film that deliv on the promis of excit , but it also has a strong dramat and emot pull that gradual sneak up on the audienc .
provid the kind of ` laugh therapi ' i need from movi comedi -- offbeat humor , amus charact , and a happi end .
after see ` analyz that , ' i feel better alreadi .
a penetr , potent explor of sanctimoni , self-awar , self-hatr and self-determin .
this is n't a retool genr piec , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiabl idiosyncrat work .
overal , it 's a veri entertain , thought-provok film with a simpl messag : god is love .
it may not be a great piec of filmmak , but it power come from it soul 's - eye view of how well-mean patron mask a social injustic , at least as repres by this case .
although mainstream american movi tend to exploit the familiar , everi onc in a while a film arriv from the margin that give viewer a chanc to learn , to grow , to travel .
jeong-hyang lee 's film is decept simpl , deepli satisfi .
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morn tv especi the pseudo-educ stuff we all ca n't stand .
georg clooney , in his first directori effort , present this utter ridicul shaggi dog stori as one of the most creativ , energet and origin comedi to hit the screen in year .
even when it drag , we are forc to reflect that it visual imagin is breathtak
although commentari on nachtwey is provid ... it 's the imag that realli tell the tale .
a life-s reenact of those jack chick cartoon tract that alway end with some hippi get toss into the lake of fire .
graini photographi mar an otherwis delight comedi of error .
this film is not a love letter for the slain rapper , it 's a taunt - a call for justic for two crime from which mani of us have not yet recov .
the film is impress for the sight and sound of the wondrous beat the world has to offer .
daili struggl and simpl pleasur usurp the preach messag so that , by the time the credit roll across the pat end , a warm , fuzzi feel prevail .
... in no way origin , or even all that memor , but as downtown saturday matine brain candi , it doe n't disappoint .
clever and unflinch in it comic barb , slap her is a small but reward comedi that take aim at contemporari southern adolesc and never let up .
cremast 3 is at onc a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracl of self-express .
sex is one of those film that aim to confus .
compar to his seri of spectacular belli flop both on and off the screen , runteldat is someth of a triumph .
-lrb- moor 's -rrb- better at finger problem than find solut .
but though he onli scratch the surfac , at least he provid a strong itch to explor more .
the power success of read my lip with such provoc materi show whi , after onli three film , director\/co-writ jacqu audiard , though littl known in this countri , belong in the veri top rank of french filmmak .
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .
his work with actor is particular impress .
a generous , inspir film that unfold with grace and humor and gradual becom a testament to faith .
deliv the sexi razzle-dazzl that everyon , especi movi music fan , has been hope for .
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker play his usual bad boy weirdo role .
fierc , glare and unforgett .
cleti is play but high studi and depend for it success on a patient viewer .
like it predecessor , it 's no classic , but it provid a reason attract holiday contrapt , one that famili look for a clean , kid-friend outing should investig .
campanella get the tone just right -- funni in the middl of sad in the middl of hope .
either a fascin studi of the relationship between mother and their children or a disturb stori about sociopath and their mark .
... grip and handsom execut , -lrb- but -rrb- there is n't much about k-19 that 's uniqu or memor .
effect in all it aspect , margarita happi hour repres an auspici featur debut for chaiken .
the delici trim ... arriv earli and stay late , fill near everi minut ... with a lightheart glow , some impud snicker , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liber abil to triumph over a scroog or two .
stand by yourself is haunt ... -lrb- it 's -rrb- what punk rock music use to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , percept , convict .
not the best herzog perhap , but unmistak herzog .
enjoy fast-mov , hard-hit documentari .
rehears are frequent more fascin than the result .
last danc , whatev it flaw , fulfil one facet of it mission in make me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true .
the film 's constant mood of melancholi and it unhurri narrat are master control .
but ... in tri to captur the novel 's deeper intim reson , the film has -- iron - distanc us from the charact .
this is a stun film , a one-of-a-kind tour de forc .
-lrb- cho 's face is -rrb- an amaz slapstick instrument , creat a scrapbook of live mug shot .
it 's about as convinc as ani other arni musclefest , but has a littl too much reson with real world event and ultim come off as insult simplist .
while not quit a comedi , the film tackl it relat serious subject with an open mind and consider good cheer , and is never less than engag .
an extrem funni , ultim heartbreak look at life in contemporari china .
your respons to it new sequel , analyz that , may hing on what you thought of the first film .
davi is funni , charm and quirki in her featur film act debut as ami .
bloodi sunday has the grace to call for prevent rather than to place blame , make it one of the best war movi ever made .
it 's a movi that accomplish so much that one view ca n't possibl be enough .
a live and engag examin of how similar obsess can domin a famili .
in the new releas of cinema paradiso , the tale has turn from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tear come dure that final , beauti scene , they final feel absolut earn .
faith without be forc , sad without be shrill , `` a walk to rememb '' succeed through sincer .
the film is a masterpiec of nuanc and character , mar onli by an inexplic , utter distract blunder at the veri end .
the film is full of charm .
the movi is well craft , and well execut .
if you re pay attent , the `` big twist '' are pretti easi to guess - but that doe n't make the movi ani less entertain .
one of those unassum film that sneak up on you and stay with you long after you have left the theatr .
... pray doe n't have a passion for the materi .
he nonetheless appreci the art and reveal a music scene that transcend cultur and race .
the one-lin are snappi , the situat volatil and the comic opportun rich reward .
it 's anchor by splendid perform from an honor screen veteran and a sparkl newcom who instant transform themselv into a believ mother\/daught pair .
father and son , and the uneasi bond between them , rare have receiv such a sophist and unsentiment treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvel film .
this sci-fi techno-sex thriller start out bizarr and just keep get weirder .
last order nurtur the multi-lay of it charact , allow us to rememb that life 's ultim a gambl and last order are to be embrac .
it 's affect , amus , sad and reflect .
a slight but sweet film .
writer\/director walter hill is in his hypermasculin element here , onc again abl to inject some real vital and even art into a pulpi concept that , in mani other hand would be complet forgett .
it is a happi , headi jumbl of thought and storytel , an insan comic undertak that ultim coher into a sane and breathtak creativ film .
this new time machin is hard perfect ... yet it prove surpris servic .
even at it worst , it 's not half-bad .
almost everyon grow up believ their famili must look like `` the addam famili '' to everyon look in ... `` my big fat greek wed '' come from the heart ... onc folk start hang out at the barbershop , they never want to leav .
chanc are you wo n't , either .
georg luca return as a visionari with a tale full of nuanc and charact dimens .
can be view as pure composit and form -- film as music
an extraordinari dramat experi .
everi individu will see the movi through the prism of his or her own belief and prejudic , but the one thing most will take away is the sens that peac is possibl .
that , in itself , is extraordinari .
if you can toler the redneck-versus-blueblood clich that the film trade in , sweet home alabama is divert in the manner of jeff foxworthi 's stand-up act .
it 's a treat watch shaw , a british stage icon , melt under the heat of phocion 's attent .
all in all , an interest look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especi one that do n't realli care for the candid they re forc to follow .
narc is a no-bul throwback to 1970s action film .
it zip along with b-movi verv while ad the rich detail and go-for-brok act that herald someth special .
me without you has a brace truth that 's refresh after the phoni of female-bond pictur like divin secret of the ya-ya sisterhood .
it 's a strang film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
goe a long way on hedonist gusto .
the result put a human face on derrida , and make one of the great mind of our time interest and access to peopl who normal could n't care less .
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
if there 's one big point to promis , it 's that noth can chang while physic and psycholog barrier keep the side from speak even one word to each other .
unexpect moment of authent impuls humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommon sincer movi that portray the frank human of ... emot recoveri .
jacquot has film the opera exact as the libretto direct , ideal captur the opera 's drama and lyric .
this is a sincer craft pictur that deserv to emerg from the traffic jam of holiday movi .
i like it becaus it was so endless , grotesqu , invent .
audiard success maintain suspens on differ level throughout a film that is both grip and compel .
credit director ramsay for take the sometim improb stori and make it feel realist .
this is dicaprio 's best perform in anyth ever , and easili the most watchabl film of the year .
witherspoon put to rest her valley-girl imag , but it 's dench who realli steal the show .
even when there are lull , the emot seem authent , and the pictur is so love toward the end ... you almost do n't notic the 129-minut run time .
while duti pull on heartstr , director dean debloi and chris sander valiant keep punch up the mix .
ambiti , unsettl psychodrama that take full , chill advantag of it rough-around-the-edg , low-budget constraint .
eric byler 's nuanc pic avoid easi sentiment and explan ...
manag to be wholesom and subvers at the same time .
when it 's not wallow in hormon melodrama , `` real women have curv '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoy comedy-drama about a young woman who want mani thing in life , but fear she ll becom her mother befor she get to fulfil her dream .
the film run on a littl longer than it need to -- muccino either doe n't notic when his stori end or just ca n't tear himself away from the charact -- but it 's smooth and profession .
blith anachronist and slyli achronolog .
this start off with a 1950 's dori day feel and it get veri ugli , veri fast .
the first five minut will have you talk til the end of the year !
triumph of love is a veri silli movi , but the silli has a pedigre .
discurs but odd rivet documentari .
the movi has no respect for law , polit correct or common decenc , but it display someth more import : respect for it flaw , crazi peopl .
on it own , big troubl could be consid a funni littl film .
an undeni gorgeous , termin smitten document of a troubadour , his acolyt , and the triumph of his band .
this cinema verit specul on the assassin of john f. kennedi may have been inspir by blair witch , but it take it techniqu into such fresh territori that the film never feel deriv .
a beauti observ charact piec .
a coming-of-ag movi that hollywood would n't have the gut to make .
it is quit a vision .
there are laugh aplenti , and , as a bonus , viewer do n't have to worri about be subject to fart , urin , fece , semen , or ani of the other foul substanc that have overrun modern-day comedi .
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-tel can open the door to liber .
a strong and confid work which work so well for the first 89 minut , but end so horrend confus in the final two
salma goe nativ and she 's never been better in this color bio-pic of a mexican icon .
fill with alexandr desplat 's haunt and sublim music , the movi complet transfix the audienc .
as chill and fascin as philipp mora 's modern hitler-studi , snide and prejudic .
an hour and a half of joy solo perform .
strang and beauti film .
no wors a film than break out , and break out was utter charm .
parker can not sustain the buoyant energi level of the film 's citi begin into it countri conclus '
... despit lag near the finish line , the movi run a good race , one that will have you at the edg of your seat for long stretch . '
... a guiltless film for nice even out .
deflat end asid , there 's much to recommend the film .
it 's a treat -- a delight , witti , improb romant comedi with a zippi jazzi score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are have so much fun .
perform all around are top , with the two lead deliv oscar-calib perform .
everyth about the quiet american is good , except it time .
a savag john waters-lik humor that danc on the edg of tasteless without ever quit fall over .
at onc a testament to the divin call of educ and a demonstr of the painstak process of impart knowledg .
may serious impair your abil to ever again maintain a straight face while speak to a highway patrolman .
it 's an interest effort -lrb- particular for jfk conspiraci nut -rrb- , and barri 's cold-fish act make the experi worthwhil .
they re just a coupl of cop in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new rout through a familiar neighborhood .
bring awar to an issu often overlook -- women 's depress .
it 's a shame the marvel first 101 minut have to be combin with the misconceiv final 5 .
it has a caffein , sloppi brillianc , sparkl with idea you wish had been develop with more care , but anim by an energi that put the duti effort of more disciplin grade-grubb to shame .
you can almost see mend and compani get togeth befor a singl frame had been shot and collect vow , ` this is go to be someth realli good . '
and it is .
foster and whitak are especi fine .
she is a lioness , protect her cub , and he a reluct villain , incap of control his crew .
undoubt the scariest movi ever made about tattoo .
a movi that will wear you out and make you misti even when you do n't want to be .
not onli better than it predecessor , it may rate as the most magic and most fun famili fare of this or ani recent holiday season .
though the stori ... is hackney , the charact have a fresh and modesti that transcend their predica .
although frailti fit into a classic genr , in it script and execut it is a remark origin work .
if this movi leav you cool , it also leav you intrigu contempl .
the climact event are so well realiz that you may forget all about the origin conflict , just like the movi doe
a rude black comedi about the catalyt effect a holi fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's televis .
all comedi is subvers , but this unrel bleak insist on opt out of ani opportun for find mean in relationship or work just becom sad .
if a horror movi 's primari goal is to frighten and disturb , then they work spectacular well ... a shiver-induc , nerve-rattl ride .
a play iranian parabl about open , particular the need for peopl of divers polit perspect to get along despit their ideolog differ .
brilliant written and well-act , yellow asphalt is an uncompromis film .
that ` alabama ' manag to be pleasant in spite of it predict and occasion slow is due primarili to the perki of witherspoon -lrb- who is alway a joy to watch , even when her materi is not first-rat -rrb- ...
person veloc has a no-fril docu-dogma plain , yet miller linger on invis , near psychic nuanc , leap into digress of memori and desir .
she box these women 's soul right open for us .
a fascin literari mysteri stori with multipl strand about the controversi of who realli wrote shakespear 's play .
throughout , mr. audiard 's direct is fluid and quick .
a dash and absorb outing with one of franc 's most invent director .
it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movi movi , which is to say it 's unburden by pretens to great artist signific .
... flat-out amus , sometim endear and often fabul , with a solid cast , noteworthi charact , delici dialogu and a wide suppli of effect sight gag .
the trial of henri kissing is a remark piec of filmmak ... becaus you get it .
nachtwey clear the cynic right out of you .
he make you realiz that deep insid righteous can be found a tough beauti .
what it lack in substanc it make up for in heart .
robert harmon 's less-is-mor approach deliv real bump-in - the-night chill -- his greatest triumph is keep the creepi crawli hidden in the film 's thick shadow .
with it hint of an awkward hitchcockian theme in tact , harmon 's daunt narrat promot a reason landscap of conflict and patho to support the scattershot terror tone
in auteil 's less dramat but equal incis perform , he 's a charismat charmer like to seduc and conquer .
the heart of the film is a touch reflect on age , suffer and the prospect of death .
will you go ape over this movi ?
well , it probabl wo n't have you swing from the tree hoot it 's prais , but it 's definit worth take a look .
it director 's most substanti featur for some time .
fontain 's direct , especi her agreeabl startl use of close-up and her grace with a move camera , creat sheer cinemat appeal .
the son of the bride 's humour is born out of an engag storylin , which also is n't embarrass to make you reach for the tissu .
this movi is to be cherish .
... a visual seduct , unrepent trashi take on rice 's second instal of her vampir chronicl .
the stori 's scope and pageantri are mesmer , and mr. day-lewi roar with leonin power .
p.t. anderson understand the grand of romanc and how love is the great equal that can calm us of our daili ill and bring out joy in our live that we never knew were possibl .
twenti year later , e.t. is still a cinemat touchston .
this fascin experi play as more of a poetic than a strict realiti , creat an intrigu speci of artific that give the ladi and the duke someth of a theatric air .
it 's virtual imposs to like ani of these despic charact .
this is most well-construct fluff , which is all it seem intend to be .
even through it flaw , revolut # 9 prove to be a compel , interest told film .
the best way to describ it is as a cross between paul thoma anderson 's magnolia and david lynch 's mulholland dr.
schepisi , aid by a cast that seem to includ everi top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park -lrb- as well as one , ms. mirren , who did -rrb- , has succeed beyond all expect .
watch this film , one is left with the inescap conclus that hitchen ' obsess with kissing is , at bottom , a sophist flower child 's desir to purg the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
there is no deni the power of polanski 's film ...
the movi is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
this charm but slight tale has warmth , wit and interest charact compassion portray .
offer a persuas look at a defeat but defiant nation in flux .
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoy famili fare .
take a fresh and absorb look at a figur whose legaci had begun to bronz .
a triumph of pure craft and passion heart .
gosl creat a stagger compel charact , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the veri root of his contradictori , self-hat , self-destruct way .
witti and often surpris , a dark littl moral tale disguis as a romant comedi .
even as it pay earnest homag to turntablist and beat juggler , old schooler and current innov , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energi it 's document .
got a david lynch jone ?
then you 'd do well to check this one out becaus it 's straight up twin peak action ...
astonish ... -lrb- frame -rrb- profound ethic and philosoph question in the form of dazzl pop entertain .
take care is nice perform by a quintet of actress , but nonetheless it drag dure it 112-minut length .
it 's hard to fair judg a film like ringu when you ve seen the remak first .
mani of the effect horror element are dampen through familiar , -lrb- yet -rrb- are worthwhil .
one of the veri best movi ever made about the life of moviemak .
rare doe such high-profil talent serv such liter materi .
an eleg and sli deadpan comedi .
the way the roundelay of partner function , and the interplay within partnership and among partnership and the general air of gator-bash are consist delight .
land , peopl and narrat flow togeth in a stark portrait of motherhood defer and desir explor .
` blue crush ' swim away with the sleeper movi of the summer award .
you re not mere watch histori , you re engulf by it .
a chick flick for guy .
it 's mild entertain , especi if you find comfort in familiar .
but it 's hard a necessari enterpris .
the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easili wait for your pay per view dollar .
as home movi gone haywir , it 's pretti enjoy , but as sexual manifesto , i 'd rather listen to old tori amo record .
in it treatment of the dehuman and ego-destroy process of unemploy , time out offer an explor that is more accur than anyth i have seen in an american film .
like an episod of mtv 's undress , with 20 time the creativ but without ani more substanc ... indulg entertain but could have and should have been deeper .
a sensit , cultiv treatment of green 's work as well as a remark faith one .
it 's not just a feel-good movi , it 's a feel movi .
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel piss off , but in the end , you feel aliv - which is what they did .
it 's a piec of handiwork that show it indi tatter and self-consci seam in place , but has some quiet move moment and an intellig subtleti .
what make barbershop so likabl , with all it flaw , is that it has none of the pushi and decibel volum of most contemporari comedi .
watch these two actor play against each other so intens , but with restraint , is a treat .
an exampl of quiet , confid craftsmanship that tell a sweet , charm tale of intergalact friendship .
a medit on faith and mad , frailti is blood-curdl stuff .
the product design , score and choreographi are simpli intox .
a comedi that is warm , invit , and surpris .
so vivid a portrait of a woman consum by lust and love and crush by betray that it conjur up the intox fume and emot ghost of a fresh paint rembrandt .
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you ll be shake your head all the way to the credit .
trade run-of-the-mil revuls for extrem uneas .
... one of the more influenti work of the ` korean new wave ' .
implicit acknowledg and celebr the glorious chicaneri and self-delus of this most american of busi , and for that reason it may be the most odd honest hollywood document of all .
a beauti tool action thriller about love and terror in korea .
director-writ bill august ... depict this relationship with econom grace , let his superb actor convey martin 's deterior and barbara 's sad -- and , occasion , anger .
victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movi work so far , a subtl and rich intern perform .
birthday girl doe n't tri to surpris us with plot twist , but rather seem to enjoy it own transpar .
smart , funni and just honest enough to provid the pleasur of a slight naughti , just-above-averag off - broadway play .
topic that could make a sailor blush - but lot of laugh .
michael moor has perfect the art of high entertain , self-aggrand , polit motiv documentary-mak , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .
a fine product with splendid sing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .
about a boy vivid recal the cari grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goos in it affection depict of the gentl war between a reluct , irrespons man and the kid who latch onto him .
none of this is meaning or memor , but frost is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
the film is a fierc danc of destruct .
it flame-lik , roil black-and-whit inspir trembl and gratitud .
may lack the pungent bite of it titl , but it 's an enjoy trifl nonetheless .
... manag to fall closer in qualiti to silenc than to the abysm hannib .
you may think you have figur out the con and the player in this debut film by argentin director fabian bielinski , but while you were think someon made off with your wallet .
dian lane work noth short of a minor miracl in unfaith .
takashi miik keep push the envelop : ichi the killer
a fantast premis anchor this movi , but what it need is either a more rigid , blair witch-styl commit to it mockumentari format , or a more straightforward , dramat treatment , with all the grandios that that impli .
exhilar but blatant bias .
much of what we see is horribl but it 's also undeni exceed clever .
it understand , in a way that speak forc enough about the mechan of poverti to transcend the rather simplist filmmak .
ramsay succeed primarili with her typic blend of unsettl atmospher , deliv a seri of abras , styliz sequenc that burn themselv upon the viewer 's memori .
... a thought what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
like it bizarr heroin , it irrig our soul .
hawn and sarandon form an act bond that make the banger sister a fascin charact studi with laugh to spare .
it 's a fun adventur movi for kid -lrb- of all age -rrb- that like adventur .
a veri capabl nailbit .
becaus the genr is well establish , what make the movi fresh is smart write , skew charact , and the titl perform by kieran culkin .
`` white oleand , '' the movi , is akin to a reader 's digest condens version of the sourc materi .
it 's like go to a hous parti and watch the host defend himself against a froth ex-girlfriend .
you do n't want to call the cop .
you want to call domino 's .
what 's most refresh about real women have curv is it unforc comedy-drama and it relax , natural-seem actor .
the low-key direct is pleas emphat in this proper intens , claustrophob tale of obsess love .
secretari is just too origin to be ignor .
that rare film whose real-lif basi is , in fact , so interest that no embellish is need .
smart and fun , but far more witti than it is wise .
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick it 's a sit down and ponder affair .
and thank to kline 's superbl nuanc perform , that ponder is high pleasur .
origin ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invas comic chiller .
walter hill 's undisput is like a 1940s warner bros. .
b pictur , and i mean that as a compliment .
this one is not near as dread as expect .
in fact , it 's quit fun in place .
with element crib from lang 's metropoli , well ' kane , and eisenstein 's potemkin , the true wonder of rintaro 's metropoli is the number of last imag all it own .
a biopic about crane 's life in the classic tradit but evolv into what has becom of us all in the era of video .
the best of the pierc brosnan jame bond film to date .
thank to a small star with big heart , this famili film sequel is plenti of fun for all .
while the now 72-year-old robert evan been slow down by a stroke , he has at least one more stori to tell : his own .
it 's about individu moment of mood , and an aimless that 's actual sort of amaz .
the peopl in jessica are so recogniz and true that , as in real life , we re never sure how thing will work out .
a tone poem of transgress .
creep you out in high style , even if nakata did it better .
rubbo run through a remark amount of materi in the film 's short 90 minut .
visual engross , seldom hammi , honor mexican and burn it kahlori with convict .
this is christma futur for a lot of babi boomer .
despit a quieter middl section , involv aragorn 's dream of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .
there are scene of cinemat perfect that steal your heart away .
spider-man is in the same categori as x-men - occasion brilliant but most averag , show sign of potenti for the sequel , but not give us much this time around .
the obnoxi titl charact provid the drama that give ad clout to this doc .
anyon who welcom a dash of the avant-gard fuse with their humor should take pleasur in this craze , joyous romp of a film .
the fun of the movi is the chanc it afford to watch jackson , who also serv as execut produc , take his smooth , shrewd , power act abroad .
saddl with an unwieldi cast of charact and angl , but the payoff is power and revelatori .
it 's someth of the ultim scorses film , with all the stomach-turn violenc , color new york gang lore and other hallmark of his person cinema paint on their largest-ev histor canva .
mr. cain and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memor and resourc perform .
a frustrat yet deepli watchabl melodrama that make you think it 's a tougher pictur than it is .
a giddi and provoc sexual romp that has someth to say .
-lrb- russel -rrb- make good b movi -lrb- the mask , the blob -rrb- , and the scorpion king more than abli meet those standard .
otto-s has a real filmmak 's eye .
this is a smart movi that know it classic music , know it freud and know it sade .
the film has an infecti enthusiasm and we re touch by the film 's convict that all life center on that place , that time and that sport .
beauti reclaim the stori of carmen and recreat it an in an african idiom .
the camera soar abov the globe in dazzl panoram shot that make the most of the large-screen format , befor swoop down on a string of exot local , scoop the whole world up in a joyous communal festiv of rhythm .
a flaw but engross thriller .
demonstr the unusu power of thought , subject filmmak .
expect no major discoveri , nor ani stylish sizzl , but the film sit with squar convict and touch good sens on the experi of it women .
the success of undercov brother is found in it abil to spoof both black and white stereotyp equal .
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easili have been fumbl by a lesser filmmak , but ayr make the right choic at everi turn .
cox creat a fluid and mesmer sequenc of imag to match the word of nijinski 's diari .
what bloodi sunday lack in clariti , it make up for with a great , fieri passion .
it adult theme of famili separ and societ betray are head and shoulder abov much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
director nanci savoca 's no-fril record of a show forg in still-raw emot captur the unsettl tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measur or polish product ever could .
the film grow on you .
and how .
one thing you have to give them credit for : the messag of the movi is consist with the messag espous in the compani 's previous video work .
halloween : resurrect is n't exact qualiti cinema , but it is n't near as terribl as it cold have been .
as banal as the tell may be -- and at time , all my love one more than flirt with kitsch -- the tale command attent .
romant comedi and dogm 95 filmmak may seem odd bedfellow , but they turn out to be delight compat here .
the most wondrous love stori in year , it is a great film .
some movi suck you in despit their flaw , and heaven is one such beast .
my wife is an actress work as well as it doe becaus -lrb- the lead -rrb- are such a companion coupl .
with spi kid 2 : the island of lost dream , howev , robert rodriguez adorn his family-film plot with an eleg and matur that even most contemporari adult movi are lack .
base on dave barri 's popular book of the same name , the movi benefit from have a real writer plot out all of the charact ' move and overlap stori .
bouquet give a perform that is master .
a poignant comedi that offer food for thought .
... a seri of tale told with the intric precis of the best short stori write .
if you re content with a clever pseudo-bio that manag to have a good time as it dole out piec of the famous director 's life , eisenstein deliv .
this film tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretti good job , if it 's film tosca that you want .
i ll stay with the stage version , howev , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
while the path may be familiar , first-tim director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manag to keep thing interest .
an engag crimin romp that will have viewer guess just who 's be con right up to the final .
the pictur run a mere 84 minut , but it 's no glanc .
it 's a head-turn -- thought written , beauti read and , final , deepli human .
it ask noth of the audienc other than to sit back and enjoy a coupl of great actor ham it up .
it is as uncompromis as it is nonjudgment , and make clear that a prostitut can be as lone and needi as ani of the client .
`` barbershop '' is a good-heart ensembl comedi with a varieti of quirki charact and an engag stori .
tulli is in mani way the perfect festiv film : a calm , self-assur portrait of small town regret , love , duti and friendship that appeal to the storytel instinct of a slight more liter filmgo audienc .
i like this movi a lot .
i like that smith , he 's not make fun of these peopl , he 's not laugh at them .
... the implic is kissing may have decid that -- when it come to truncheon -- it 's better to give than to receiv .
` what 's the russian word for wow !? '
kiarostami has craft a decept casual ode to children and manag to convey a tini sens of hope .
i had more fun watch spi than i had with most of the big summer movi .
what lee doe so marvel compel is present brown as a catalyst for the struggl of black manhood in restrict and chaotic america ... sketchi but nevertheless grip portrait of jim brown , a celebr wonder in the spotlight
murder by number ' is n't a great movi , but it 's a perfect accept widget .
for those of an indulg , slight sunbak and summeri mind , sex and lucia may well prove divert enough .
what -lrb- deni -rrb- accomplish in his chill , unnerv film is a doubl portrait of two young women whose live were as claustroph , suffoc and chilli as the attic to which they were inevit consign .
a well-don film of a self-reflex , philosoph natur .
texan director georg ratliff had unlimit access to famili and church meet , and he deliv fascin psycholog fare .
the rich perform by friel -- and especi william , an american actress who becom fulli english -- round out the squar edg .
the new insomnia is a surpris faith remak of it chilli predecessor , and when it doe elect to head off in it own direct , it employ chang that fit it well rather than one that were impos for the sake of commerci sensibl .
a film in a class with spike lee 's master do the right thing .
jagger , stoppard and director michael apt ... deliv a rivet and surpris romant ride .
greengrass -lrb- work from don mullan 's script -rrb- forgo the larger socio-polit pictur of the situat in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throw one in the pulsat thick of a truli frighten situat .
a thought-provok and often-funni drama about isol .
whatev one make of it polit edg , this is beauti filmmak from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .
mama africa pretti much deliv on that promis .
it doe give you a peek .
the main problem be that it 's onli a peek .
roman polanski 's autobiograph gestur at redempt is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than mere a holocaust movi .
a perfect respect , perfect inoffens , easili forgett film .
romanek 's theme are everi bit as distinct as his visual .
beyond the clever , the weird and the pristin camerawork , one hour photo is a sober medit on whi we take pictur .
see seinfeld at home as he watch his own appear on letterman with a clinic eye remind you that the key to stand-up is to alway make it look easi , even though the realiti is anyth but .
speak eloqu about the symbiot relationship between art and life .
the work of an artist torment by his heritag , use his storytel abil to honor the mani faceless victim .
the audac to view one of shakespear 's better known tragedi as a dark comedi is , by itself , deserv of discuss .
this is an exercis in chill style , and twohi film the sub , insid and out , with an eye on preserv a sens of mysteri .
an uncomfort experi , but one as brave and challeng as you could possibl expect these day from american cinema .
hail as a clever exercis in neo-hitchcockian , this clever and veri satisfi pictur is more accur chabrolian .
funni and also heartwarm without stoop to gooey .
at the film 's centr is a precis layer perform by an actor in his mid-seventi , michel piccoli .
the viewer take great pleasur in watch the resourc molli stay a step ahead of her pursuer .
with amaz finess , the film shadow heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the citi where her mother , mai thi kim , still live .
director charl stone iii appli more detail to the film 's music than to the stori line what 's best about drumlin is it energi .
a heroic tale of persist that is sure to win viewer ' heart .
it 's all a rather shapeless good time ...
has far more energi , wit and warmth than should be expect from ani movi with a `` 2 '' at the end of it titl .
a littl better than sorcer 's stone .
a chill movi without oppress gore .
a uniqu sensual metaphor dramat of sexual obsess that spend a bit too much time on it fair ludicr plot .
if you like peac , you ll like promis .
be prepar to cling to the edg of your seat , tens with suspens .
the ring never let you off the hook .
thumb up to paxton for not fall into the hollywood trap and make a vaniti project with noth new to offer .
at onc disarm straightforward and strike devious .
if you like quirki , odd movi and\/or the iron , here 's a fun one .
sensit ensembl perform and good period reconstruct add up to a move tragedi with some buoyant human moment .
it 's not the least of afghan tragedi that this nobl warlord would be consign to the dustbin of histori .
it 's a love , sad danc highlight by kwan 's uniqu direct style .
the script by david koepp is perfect servic and becaus he give the stori some soul ... he elev the experi to a more mythic level .
this is a visual stun rumin on love , memori , histori and the war between art and commerc .
short-stori quaint , touch mend a child 's pain for his dead mother via communic with an old woman straight out of eudora welti .
it 's alway fascin to watch marker the essayist at work .
a quiet famili drama with a littl bit of romanc and a dose of dark .
the tast littl revis work wonder , enhanc the cultur and econom subtext , bring richer mean to the stori 's moral .
kosminski ... put enough salt into the wound of the tortur and self-consci materi to make it sting .
one of the greatest film i ve ever seen .
it gentl , touch stori creep into your heart .
about as big a crowdpleas as they possibl come .
bound to appeal to women look for a howl trashi time .
even these tale of just seven children seem at time too mani , although in realiti they are not enough .
everi child 's stori is what matter .
this film can onli point the way -- but thank good for this signpost .
a poignant and gentl humor parabl that love it charact and communic someth rather beauti about human natur .
real women have curv doe n't offer ani easi answer .
vampir epic succeed as spooki action-pack trash of the highest order .
one of the funniest motion pictur of the year , but ... also one of the most curious depress .
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you ve got to hand it to director georg clooney for bite off such a big job the first time out .
like the chill breath of oral storytel frozen onto film .
a charmer from belgium .
a wild , endear , master documentari .
jacki chan movi are a guilti pleasur - he 's easi to like and alway leav us laugh .
brown sugar signal director rick famuyiwa 's emerg as an articul , grown-up voic in african-american cinema .
with exquisit craftsmanship ... olivi assaya has fashion an absorb look at provinci bourgeoi french societi .
it 's rare for ani movi to be as subtl and touch as the son 's room .
it has a way of seep into your conscious , with linger question about what the film is realli get at .
maelstrom is a deliber unsteadi mixtur of stylist element .
-lrb- leigh -rrb- has a true talent for draw wrench perform from his actor -lrb- improvis over mani month -rrb- and for convey the way tini act of kind make ordinari life surviv .
-lrb- d -rrb- espit it familiar subject matter , ice age is consist amus and engross ...
the ingeni construct -lrb- adapt by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel -rrb- constant flow forward and back , weav theme among three strand which allow us to view event as if through a prism
assur , glossi and shot through with brittl desper .
the bottom line is the piec work brilliant .
it was onli a matter of time befor some savvi produc saw the potenti success inher in the mixtur of bullock bubbl and hugh goo .
it is scott 's convinc portray of roger the sad cad that realli give the film it oomph .
while this movi , by necess , lack fellowship 's heart , two tower outdo it spectacl .
meyj ... has done his homework and soak up some jazzi new revisionist theori about the origin of nazi polit and aesthet .
asid from rohmer 's bold choic regard point of view , the ladi and the duke repres the filmmak 's lifelong concern with formalist experiment in cinemat art .
what ` dumb and dumber ' would have been without the vulgar and with an intellig , life-affirm script .
... a vivid , thought , unapologet raw coming-of-ag tale full of sex , drug and rock n roll .
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilari place to visit .
film are made of littl moment .
chang lane tri for more .
it doe n't reach them , but the effort is grate receiv .
when the movi mix the cornpon and the cosa nostra , it find a nice rhythm .
the stori is a rather simplist one : grief drive her , love drive him , and a second chanc to find love in the most unlik place - it struck a chord in me .
terrif cast and solid execut give all three stori life .
a hard look at one man 's occup angst and it subsequ reinvent , a terrifi studi of bourgeoi desper worthi of claud chabrol .
-lrb- ramsay -rrb- visual transform the dreari expans of dead-end distast the charact inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
frequent flurri of creativ belli laugh and genuin enthusiast perform ... keep the movi slalom through it hackney element with enjoy eas .
at it best , this is grand-scal moviemak for a larger-than-lif figur , an artist who has been award mythic status in contemporari cultur .
the plot of the comeback curler is n't veri interest actual , but what i like about men with broom and what is kind of special is how the film know what 's uniqu and quirki about canadian .
10 minut into the film you ll be white-knuckl and unabl to look away .
it 's a beauti film , full of elabor and twist charact - and it 's also pretti funni .
could this be the first major studio product shot on video tape instead of film ?
not sinc ghostbust has a film use manhattan 's architectur in such a glorious goofi way .
as tricki and satisfi as ani of david mamet 's airless cinemat shell game .
the univers theme of becom a better person through love has never been film more irresist than in ` baran . '
cube 's charisma and chemistri compens for corni and clich .
with lesser talent , high crime would be entertain , but forgett .
with freeman and judd , i ll at least rememb their charact .
as a director , paxton is surpris brilliant , deft sew togeth what could have been a confus and horrifi vision into an intens and engross head-trip .
the film is fill with humor observ about the general absurd of modern life as seen through the eye outsid , but deft manag to avoid mani of the condescend stereotyp that so often plagu film deal with the mental ill .
daughter from danang stick with it subject a littl longer and tell a deeper stori
a coming-of-ag film that avoid the cartoonish clich and sneer humor of the genr as it provid a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
the faith will enjoy this sometim wri adapt of v.s. naipaul 's novel , but newcom may find themselv stifl a yawn or two dure the first hour .
a distinguish and thought film , mark by acut write and a host of splendid perform .
barri convinc us he 's a danger , secret unhing guy who could easili have kill a presid becaus it made him feel power .
take you by the face , stroke your cheek and coo beseech at you : slow down , shake off your tension and take this pictur at it own breezi , distract rhythm .
i do n't feel the least bit asham in admit that my enjoy came at the expens of see justic serv , even if it 's a dish that 's best serv cold .
it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charg spi flick worthi of a coupl hour of summertim and a bucket of popcorn .
noth over origin , mind you , but solid entertain .
chang lane is an anomali for a hollywood movi it 's a well-written and occasion challeng social drama that actual has someth interest to say .
borrow a bit from the classic `` wait until dark '' and `` extrem '' ... but in term of it style , the movi is in a class by itself .
becaus eight leg freak is part an homag to them , tarantula and other low - budget b-movi thriller of the 1950s and 60s , the movi is a silli -lrb- but not sophomor -rrb- romp through horror and hellish condit .
put a refresh and comic spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporari singl woman .
if you grew up on scoobi -- you ll love this movi .
matthew lillard is born to play shaggi !
though film part in canada , paid in full has clever way of captur inner-c life dure the reagan year .
`` spider-man is better than ani summer blockbust we had to endur last summer , and hope , set the tone for a summer of good stuff .
if you re a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
if you re not , you ll still have a good time . ''
this movi has a strong messag about never give up on a love one , but it 's not an easi movi to watch and will probabl disturb mani who see it .
the movi is a trove of delight .
excel perform from jacquelin bisset and martha plimpton grace this deepli touch melodrama .
in a summer of clone , harvard man is someth rare and rivet : a wild ride that reli on more than special effect .
while the humor is recogniz plympton , he has actual bother to construct a real stori this time .
jolt into charleston rhythm , the stori has the sizzl of old news that has final found the right vent -lrb- accur ?
who care ? -rrb- .
an over melodramat but somewhat insight french coming-of-ag film ...
most thriller send audienc out talk about specif scari scene or startl moment `` frailti '' leav us with the terrifi messag that the real horror may be wait for us at home .
close enough in spirit to it freewheel trash-cinema root to be a breath of fresh air .
skill weav both the element of the plot and a power evoc mood combin heat sexual with a haunt sens of malais .
damon bring the proper convict to his role as -lrb- jason bourn -rrb- .
for the most part , it work beauti as a movi without sacrif the integr of the opera .
as play by ryan gosl , danni is a frighten fascin contradict .
this is not chabrol 's best , but even his lesser work outshin the best some director can offer .
despit it flaw , crazi as hell mark an encourag new direct for la sall .
you ll end up move .
if you ever wonder what it would be like to be smack in the middl of a war zone arm with noth but a camera , this oscar-nomin documentari take you there .
the woodman seem to have direct influenc this girl-meets-girl love stori , but even more reassur is how it maker actual seem to understand what made allen 's romant comedi so pertin and endur .
i love the look of this film .
those with a modicum of patienc will find in these charact ' foibl a timeless and uniqu perspect .
beauti to watch and hold a certain charm .
13 convers may be a bit too enigmat and over ambiti to be fulli success , but sprecher and her screenwrit partner and sister , karen sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of idea .
the movi is our stori as much as it is schmidt 's , no matter if it 's view as a self-reflect or cautionari tale .
foster breath life into a roll that could have otherwis been bland and run of the mill .
quit offer pierc domest drama with spike of sli humor .
some peopl want the ol ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the ball and chain .
-lrb- barri -rrb- give assassin a disquiet author .
it 's refresh to see a romanc this smart .
at it best -lrb- and it doe have some veri funni sequenc -rrb- look for leonard remind you just how comic subvers silenc can be .
as improb as this premis may seem , abbass 's underst , shine perform offer us the sens that on some element level , lilia deepli want to break free of her old life .
anyon who ever fantas about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offer .
`` the turntabl is now outsel the electr guitar ... ''
transform one of -lrb- shakespear 's -rrb- deepest tragedi into a smart new comedi .
an intellig and deepli felt work about imposs , irrevoc choic and the price of make them .
it may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week tv movi , but a song for martin is made infinit more wrench by the perform of real-lif spous seldahl and wollter .
sayl is make a statement about the inabl of dream and aspir to carri forward into the next generat .
as antonia is assimil into this newfangl communiti , the film settl in and becom compuls watchabl in a guilty-pleasur , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
everi onc in a while , a movi will come along that turn me into that annoy specimen of human that i usual dread encount the most - the fanboy
on it own stagger unorigin term , this gender-bend comedi is general quit funni .
it 's never dull and alway look good .
the tonal shift are jolt , and though wen 's messag are profound and thought deliv , more thorough transit would have made the film more cohes .
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstr a breadth of vision and an attent to detail that propel her into the upper echelon of the direct world .
with wit and empathi to spare , waydowntown acknowledg the silent scream of workaday inertia but stop short of indulg it charact ' strive solips .
all of it work smooth under the direct of spielberg , who doe a convinc imperson here of a director enjoy himself immens .
the kind of sweet-and-sour insid movi that film buff will eat up like so much gelati .
with ` bowl for columbin , ' michael moor give us the perfect start point for a nation convers about gun , violenc , and fear .
one of the year 's most weird engag and unpredict charact piec .
one of the best inside-show-biz yarn ever .
none of his actor stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in anoth film : character matter less than atmospher .
a terrif entertain specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
a rare and light entertain look behind the curtain that separ comic from the peopl laugh in the crowd .
solondz is so intent on hammer home his messag that he forget to make it entertain .
whatev heartwarm scene the impress discreet filmmak may have expect to record with their mini dv , they show a remark abil to document both side of this emot car-wreck .
it establish it omin mood and tension swift , and if the suspens never rise to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintain throughout .
although what time offer tsai 's usual style and theme , it has a more color , more play tone than his other film .
a move and stark remind that the casualti of war reach much further than we imagin .
a thorough engag , surpris touch british comedi .
a sloppi , amus comedi that proceed from a stun unorigin premis .
... a rich and intellig film that use it pulpi core conceit to probe question of attract and interdepend and how the heart accomod practic need .
it is an unstint look at a collabor between damag peopl that may or may not qual
captur that pervers element of the kafkaesqu where ident , overnight , is rob and replac with a persecut `` other . ''
the actor are simpli too good , and the stori too intrigu , for technic flaw to get in the way .
an estrogen opera so intens feminin that it serv as the antidot -lrb- and cannier doppelgang -rrb- to diesel 's xxx flex-a-thon .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridg is a poem to the endur strength of women .
it may also be the best sex comedi about environment pollut ever made .
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoy the thrill of the chill .
naomi watt is terrif as rachel her petit frame and vulner persona emphasis her plight and isol .
a famili film that contain some hefti themat materi on time , death , etern , and what is need to live a rich and full life .
with dicken ' word and writer-director dougla mcgrath 's even-ton direct , a rip good yarn is told .
exact what it titl impli : lusti , boister and utter charm .
the film is dark funni in it observ of just how much more gruel and time-consum the illus of work is than actual work .
a smart , compel drama .
a must-se for fan of thought war film and those interest in the sight and sound of battl .
i found myself like the film , though in this case one man 's treasur could prove to be anoth man 's garbag .
... roger 's mouth never stop shut about the war between the sex and how to win the battl .
deliber and skill use ambigu to suggest possibl which imbu the theme with ad depth and reson .
it 's all entertain enough , but do n't look for ani hefti anti-establish messag in what is essenti a whip-crack of a buddi movi that end with a whimper .
nicholson 's underst perform is wonder .
as warren he stumbl in search of all the emot and life experi he 's neglect over the year .
despit it old-hat set-up and predict plot , empir still has enough moment to keep it entertain .
anoth entertain romp from robert rodriguez .
it 's not a classic spy-act or buddi movi , but it 's entertain enough and worth a look .
i am more offend by his lack of faith in his audienc than by anyth on display here .
a sharp satir of desper and cinemat decept .
tsai convinc paint a specif urban sens of disassoci here .
if you can swallow it absurd and cruditi lagaan realli is enorm good fun .
an unorthodox littl film noir organ crime stori that includ one of the strangest love stori you will ever see .
a pleas , often-funni comedi .
-lrb- a -rrb- rare movi that make us re-assess the basi for our live and evalu what is truli our in a world of meaningless activ .
all three actress are simpli dazzl , particular balk , who 's final been given a part worthi of her consider talent .
an asian neo-realist treasur .
plummer steal the show without resort to camp as nichola ' wound and wound uncl ralph .
it 's a great perform and a remind of dicken ' grandeur .
... less a stori than an inexplic nightmar , right down to the popul 's shrug accept to each new horror .
i am high amus by the idea that we have come to a point in societi where it has been deem import enough to make a film in which someon has to be hire to portray richard dawson .
a compassion , move portrait of an american -lrb- and an america -rrb- alway reach for someth just outsid his grasp .
an origin littl film about one young woman 's educ .
the film is about the relationship rather than about the outcom .
and it see those relationship , includ that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brother , with incred subtleti and acumen .
one of those terrif documentari that collect a bunch of peopl who are enthusiast about someth and then figur out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
an instanc of an old dog not onli learn but invent a remark new trick .
rodriguez has the chop of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagin of a big kid ...
ami and matthew have a bit of a phoni relationship , but the film work in spite of it .
garcia and the other actor help make the wobbl premis work .
it 's surpris decent , particular for a tenth instal in a seri .
a fascin , unnerv examin of the delus of one unstabl man .
it 's no accid that the accident spi is a solid action pic that return the martial art master to top form .
leav it to the french to truli captur the terrifi angst of the modern work man without turn the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedi or a sappi melodrama .
the director , mark pellington , doe a terrif job conjur up a sinist , menac atmospher though unfortun all the stori give us is flash red light , a rattl nois , and a bump on the head .
heartwarm here reli less on forc air than on petter nass ' delic , clever direct ... and a wonder , imagin script by axel hellstenius .
make the case for a strong educ and good teacher be more valuabl in the way they help increas an averag student 's self-esteem , and not strict in the knowledg impart .
steer refresh clear of the usual clich .
`` home movi '' is a sweet treasur and someth well worth your time .
high recommend view for it courag , idea , technic profici and great act .
the movi 's thesi -- eleg technolog for the mass -- is surpris refresh .
scott deliv a terrif perform in this fascin portrait of a modern lothario .
... wallac is smart to vari the pitch of his movi , balanc deafen battl scene with quieter domest scene of women back home receiv war depart telegram .
combin sharp comedi , old-fashion monster movi atmospher , and genuin heart to creat a film that 's not mere about kick undead \*\*\* , but also about deal with regret and , ultim , find redempt .
while most film these day are about noth , this film seem to be about everyth that 's plagu the human spirit in a relentless global world .
marshal put a suspens spin on standard horror flick formula .
as live an account as seinfeld is deadpan .
though lan yu lack a sens of dramat urgenc , the film make up for it with a pleas verisimilitud .
you may leav the theater with more question than answer , but darn if your toe wo n't still be tap .
take ani 12-year-old boy to see this pictur , and he ll be your slave for a year .
but this is not a movi about an inhuman monster it 's about a veri human one .
at time the guy tap into some power emot , but this kind of materi is more effect on stage .
it 's not a motion pictur it 's an utter static pictur .
what make it worth watch is quaid 's perform .
soderbergh skim the fat from the 1972 film .
what 's left is a rich stew of long .
it 's the brilliant surf photographi bring you right insid the massiv wave that lift blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasur movi .
more of the same from taiwanes auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyon who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholi spell of this uniqu director 's previous film .
hatfield and hick make the oddest of coupl , and in this sens the movi becom a studi of the gambl of the publish world , offer a case studi that exist apart from all the movi 's polit ramif .
best of all is garcia , who perfect portray the desper of a veri insecur man .
the filmmak tri to balanc point , often incis satir and unabash sweet , with result that are sometim brace , sometim baffl and quit often , and in unexpect way , touch .
a sober and power documentari about the most sever kind of person loss : reject by one 's mother .
often overwrought and at time posit irrit , the film turn into an engross thriller almost in spite of itself .
humor and heartfelt , dougla mcgrath 's version of ` nichola nicklebi ' left me feel refresh and hope .
not mani movi have that kind of impact on me these day .
a poignant lyric run through balzac and the littl chines seamstress that transform this stori about love and cultur into a cinemat poem .
this is so de palma .
if you love him , you ll like it .
if you do n't ... well , skip to anoth review .
roug is less about a superfici midlif crisi than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has end .
unfold in a seri of achronolog vignett whose cumul effect is chill .
the movi enter a realm where few non-porn film ventur , and come across as dark funni , energet , and surpris gentl .
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent nation event , the film work - most due to it superior cast of charact .
it 's not go to be everyon 's bag of popcorn , but it definit give you someth to chew on .
huppert and girardot give perform of except honesti .
it has that rare qualiti of be abl to creep the live hell out of you ...
a cautionari tale about the grandios of a colleg student who see himself as impervi to a fall .
an infinit wittier version of the home alon formula .
feardotcom 's thrill are all cheap , but they most work .
-lrb- hayek -rrb- throw herself into this dream hispan role with a teeth-clench gusto , she strike a potent chemistri with molina and she gradual make us believ she is kahlo .
mr. deed is , as comedi goe , veri silli -- and in the best way .
you could love safe conduct -lrb- laissez passer -rrb- for be a subtitl french movi that is 170 minut long .
you could hate it for the same reason .
with we were soldier , hollywood make a valiant attempt to tell a stori about the vietnam war befor the patholog set in .
` moor is like a progress bull in a china shop , a provocateur crash into idea and special-interest group as he slap togeth his own brand of liber . '
broomfield reveal an iron manifest of institution slaveri that tie a black-own record label with a white-empow polic forc .
at just over an hour , home movi will leav you want more , not to mention leav you with some laugh and a smile on your face .
stuart 's poor-m persona need a whole bunch of snowbal 's cynic to cut through the sugar coat .
but onc the falcon arriv in the sky abov manhattan , the adventur is on red alert .
there is great here .
boast enough funni dialogu and sharp character to be mild amus .
director juan jose campanella could have turn this into an argentin retread of `` iri '' or `` american beauti , '' but instead pull a littl from each film and creat someth more beauti than either of those film .
if you love the music , and i do , it hard to imagin have more fun watch a documentari ...
nakata 's techniqu is to impli terror by suggest , rather than the overus of special effect .
`` 13 convers about one thing '' is an intellig flick that examin mani differ idea from happi to guilt in an intrigu bit of storytel .
satin roug is not a new , or invent , journey , but it 's encourag to see a three-dimension , averag , middle-ag woman 's experi of self-discoveri handl with such sensit .
though an import polit documentari , this doe not realli make the case the kissing should be tri as a war crimin .
cannon 's confid and laid-back good spirit are , with the drum routin , among the film 's save grace .
in it understand , often funni way , it tell a stori whose restat is valid by the chang composit of the nation .
she may not be real , but the laugh are .
a fierc clever and subtl film , captur the precari balanc between the extravag confid of the exil aristocraci and the cruel earnest of the victori revolutionari .
ok arthous .
the power of this script , and the perform that come with it , is that the whole damn thing did n't get our moral hackl up .
the movi itself is far from disappoint , offer an origin take on courtroom movi , a few nifti twist that are so crucial to the genr and anoth first-rat perform by top-bil star bruce willi .
about schmidt is undoubt one of the finest film of the year .
if you re not deepli touch by this movi , check your puls .
the charm of revolut os is rather the way it introduc you to new , fervent held idea and fanci thinker .
until it final minut this is a percept studi of two famili in crisi -- and of two girl whose friendship is sever test by bad luck and their own immatur .
offer the flash of rock video fuse with solid perform and eeri atmospher .
filmmak dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area head east , far east , in retel a histor signific , and person , episod detail how one intern citi welcom ten of thousand of german jewish refuge while the world 's democraci
for all it problem ... the ladi and the duke surpris manag never to grow bore ... which prove that rohmer still has a sens of his audienc .
an edifi glimps into the wit and revolutionari spirit of these perform and their era .
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commend for illustr the merit of fight hard for someth that realli matter .
the film is save from are n't - kids-cut sentiment by a warmth that is n't fake and a state sens of composit .
this is one of the year 's best film .
a fleet-foot and pleas upbeat famili divers .
sorvino is delight in the central role .
she near glow with enthusiasm , sensual and a conniv wit .
it 's immens ambiti , differ than anyth that 's been done befor and amaz success in term of what it 's tri to do .
the stori , onc it get roll , is noth short of a great one .
great perform , stylish cinematographi and a gritti feel help make gangster no. 1 a worthwhil moviego experi .
`` mr. deed '' is suitabl summer entertain that offer escap without requir a great deal of thought .
it 's an ambiti film , and as with all ambiti film , it has some problem .
but on the whole , you re gonna like this movi .
chaiken abli balanc real-tim rhythm with propuls incid .
this is an extraordinari film , not least becaus it is japanes and yet feel univers .
in a summer overrun with movi domin by cgi alien and super hero , it revigor the mind to see a featur that concentr on peopl , a project in which the script and charact hold sway .
there 's just someth about watch a squad of psychopath underdog whale the tar out of unsuspect lawmen that reach across time and distanc .
a funni and touch film that is gorgeous act by a british cast to rival gosford park 's .
there 's noth more satisfi dure a summer of event movi than a spi thriller like the bourn ident that 's pack with just as much intellig as action .
i 'm not general a fan of veget but this batch is pretti cute .
qut may be a flaw film , but it is noth if not sincer .
beauti craft , engag filmmak that should attract upscal audienc hungri for qualiti and a nostalg , twisti yarn that will keep them guess .
a thought and surpris affect portrait of a screwed-up man who dare to mess with some power peopl , seen through the eye of the idealist kid who choos to champion his ultim lose caus .
a cultur wildcard experi : wacki , differ , unusu , even nutti .
daughter from danang reveal that effort toward closur onli open new wound .
it doe n't flinch from it unsettl prognosi , name , that the legaci of war is a kind of perpetu pain .
for most of it footag , the new thriller prove that director m. night shyamalan can weav an eeri spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even trembl without lose his machismo .
this is not an easi film .
but it could be , by it art and heart , a necessari one .
a veri good film sit in the place where a masterpiec should be .
... spellbind fun and delici exploit .
it 's jagger 's bone-dri , mourn brittl deliveri that give the film it bittersweet bite .
imposs as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embrac than monti , if onli becaus it accept nasti behavior and sever flaw as part of the human condit .
despit the predict parent vs. child coming-of-ag theme , first-class , natur act and a look at `` the real american '' make this a charmer .
one of the smarter offer the horror genr has produc in recent memori , even if it 's far tamer than advertis .
one of recent memori 's most thought film about art , ethic , and the cost of moral compromis .
the film doe n't sustain it initi promis with a jar , new-agey tone creep into the second half
blade ii is as estrogen-fre as movi get , so you might want to leav your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-tim .
the messag is that even the most unlik can link togeth to conquer all kind of obstacl , whether they be of natur , of man or of one anoth .
mani a parent and their teen -lrb- or preteen -rrb- kid could bond while watch a walk to rememb .
so could young romant out on a date .
all leather pant & augment boob , hawn is hilari as she tri to resuscit the fun-lov libertin lost somewher insid the conserv , handbag-clutch sarandon .
the member manag to pronounc kok exact as you think they might , thus give the cast ampl opportun to use that term as often as possibl .
it 's veri beavi and butthead , yet alway seem to elicit a chuckl .
while this gentl and affect melodrama will have luvvi in raptur , it 's far too slight and introspect to appeal to anyth wider than a nich audienc .
chicago offer much color eye candi , includ the spectacl of gere in his danc shoe , hoof and croon with the best of them .
a difficult but worthi film that bite off more than it can chew by link the massacr of armenian in 1915 with some difficult relationship in the present .
by and larg this is mr. kilmer 's movi , and it 's his strongest perform sinc the door .
some of the most ravag , gut-wrench , frighten war scene sinc `` save privat ryan '' have been recreat by john woo in this little-known stori of nativ american and their role in the second great war .
a charm but slight comedi .
henri bean 's thought screenplay provid no easi answer , but offer a compel investig of faith versus intellect
a great cast and a wonder but sometim confus flashback movi about grow up in a dysfunct famili .
play a role of almost bergmanesqu intens ... bisset is both convinc and radiant .
a smart , provoc drama that doe the near imposs : it get under the skin of a man we onli know as an evil , monstrous lunat .
an altern fascin and frustrat documentari .
griffin & co. manag to be spectacular outrag .
nair 's cast is so larg it 's altman-esqu , but she deft spin the multipl stori in a vibrant and intox fashion .
the movi play up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazzi while neglect it less conspicu write strength .
poignant japanes epic about adolesc anomi and heartbreak .
we ve seen it all befor in one form or anoth , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , make us care about this latest reincarn of the world 's greatest teacher .
secretari is not a movi about fetish .
it is a movi about passion .
even though it 's common knowledg that park and his found partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the compani 's astonish growth .
although some viewer will not be abl to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weird , those who do will have found a cult favorit to enjoy for a lifetim .
what could have easili becom a cold , calcul exercis in postmodern pastich wind up a power and deepli move exampl of melodramat moviemak .
a delight surpris becaus despit all the backstag drama , this is a movi that tell stori that work -- is charm , is move , is funni and look profession .
the imax screen enhanc the person touch of manual anim .
doe an impress job of relat the complic histori of the war and of fill in the background .
it 's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polish visual rich in color and creativ and , of cours , special effect .
lack the inspir of the origin and has a bloat plot that stretch the run time about 10 minut past a child 's interest and an adult 's patienc .
but it also has mani of the thing that made the first one charm .
it 's funni , touch , dramat forc , and beauti shot .
it raw and vital give it consider punch .
a live-wir film that never lose it abil to shock and amaz .
the year 's greatest adventur , and jackson 's limit but enthusiast adapt has made literatur liter without kill it soul -- a feat ani think person is bound to appreci .
it 's fair solid -- not to mention well edit so that it certain doe n't feel like a film that stray past the two and a half mark .
brim with passion : for word , for it eccentr , accident-pron charact , and for the crazi thing that keep peopl go in this crazi life .
it 's secondari to american psycho but still has claw enough to get insid you and stay there for a coupl of hour .
the hour , a delic craft film , is an impress achiev in spite of a river of sad that pour into everi frame .
fudg fact and fanci with such confid that we feel as if we re see someth purer than the real thing .
this is unusu , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertain as it is instruct .
with an express face reminisc of gong li and a vivid person like zhang ziyi 's , dong stake out the emot heart of happi .
nohe 's documentari about the event is sympathet without be gullibl : he is n't blind to the silli , but also captur moment of spontan creativ and authent co-op interact .
it may not be as cut , as witti or as true as back in the glori day of weekend and two or three thing i know about her , but who els engag in filmmak today is so cogniz of the cultur and moral issu involv in the process ?
secret ballot is a funni , puzzl movi ambigu enough to be engag and odd move .
although devoid of object and full of nostalg comment from the now middle-ag particip , dogtown and z-boy has a compel stori to tell .
it 's got some pretenti eye-rol moment and it did n't entir grab me , but there 's stuff here to like .
birthday girl walk a tricki tightrop between be wick funni and just plain wick .
the enjoy undercov brother , a zani mix of saturday night live-styl parodi , 70s blaxploit film and goofbal action comedi gone wild , dish out a ton of laugh that everyon can enjoy .
bring an irresist blend of warmth and humor and a consist embrac human in the face of life 's harsh .
jackson is alway watchabl .
to the degre that ivan xtc .
work , it 's thank to huston 's revelatori perform .
a wild ride of a movi that keep throw fastbal .
confess is without a doubt a memor directori debut from king hunk .
weird , vulgar comedi that 's definit an acquir tast .
a. . . cynic and serious look at teenag boy do what they do best - be teenag .
the film is a veri good view altern for young women .
australian filmmak david flatman use the huge-screen format to make an old-fashion natur film that educ viewer with word and pictur while entertain them .
a dazzl dream of a documentari .
a keep - em - guess plot and an affection take on it screwed-up charact .
brave and sweet render love stori .
the film prove unrel grim -- and equal engross .
a hallmark film in an increas import film industri and worth the look .
the last kiss will probabl never achiev the popular of my big fat greek wed , but it provoc central wed sequenc has far more impact .
if you like blood , gut and crazi beast stalk men with gun though ... you will like enjoy this monster .
the differ between cho and most comic is that her confid in her materi is merit .
sad to say -- it accur reflect the rage and alien that fuel the self-destruct of mani young peopl .
there is a strong directori stamp on everi frame of this stylish film that is abl to visual schizophrenia but is still confid enough to step back and look at the sick charact with a sane eye .
` anyon with a passion for cinema , and inde sex , should see it as soon as possibl . '
seek to transcend it genr with a curious styliz , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
mordant funni and intim know ...
what make the movi special is it utter sincer .
fast and funni , an action cartoon that 's suspens enough for older kid but not too scari for the school-ag crowd .
one of those rare film that come by onc in a while with flawless amount of act , direct , stori and pace .
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rate eee for excit .
and vin diesel is the man .
earnest , unsubtl and hollywood-predict , green dragon is still a deepli move effort to put a human face on the travail of thousand of vietnames .
an ambiti movi that , like shiner 's organ of the big fight , pull off enough of it effect to make up for the one that do n't come off .
nair and writer laura cahil dare to build a movi around some flaw but rather unexcept women , emerg with a fine charact studi that 's short on plot but rich in the tini revel of real life .
the film 's unhurri pace is actual one of it strength .
entir appropri , the tale unfold like a lazi summer afternoon and conclud with the crisp clariti of a fall dawn .
despit it float narrat , this is a remark access and haunt film .
vibrant color and beauti design , metropoli is a feast for the eye .
sweet sexi , funni and touch .
... while dark water is n't a complet wash -lrb- no pun intend -rrb- , watch side-by-sid with ringu , it ultim come off as a pale successor .
is truth stranger than fiction ?
in -lrb- screenwrit -rrb- charli kaufman 's world , truth and fiction are equal strang , and his for the take .
for decad we ve marvel at disney 's render of water , snow , flame and shadow in a hand-drawn anim world .
prepar to marvel again .
a witti , low-key romant comedi .
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .
if you re look for a smart , nuanc look at de sade and what might have happen at picpus , sade is your film .
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's like to pleas audienc who like movi that demand four hanki .
togeth writer-director danni veret 's three tale compris a power and reason fulfil gestalt .
burst through the constraint of it sourc , this is one adapt - from-televis movi that actual look as if it belong on the big screen .
it almost too-spectacular coastal set distract slight from an eccentr and good-natur aimless stori .
in other word , it 's just anoth sport drama\/charact studi .
yet this one make up for in heart what it lack in outright new .
plus , like i alreadi mention ... it 's robert duval !
c'mon !
this stori of a determin woman 's courag to find her husband in a war zone offer win perform and some effect moment .
like shrek , spirit 's visual imagin remind you of whi anim is such a perfect medium for children , becaus of the way it allow the mind to enter and accept anoth world .
a modest made but profound move documentari .
it irrit and sadden me that martin lawrenc 's latest vehicl can explod obnoxi into 2,500 screen while someth of bubba ho-tep 's clear evid qualiti may end up languish on a shelf somewher .
not everyth in this ambiti comic escapad work , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmak .
it must be in the gene .
the perform are so spot on , it is hard to conceiv anyon els in their role .
this slight premis ... work becaus of the ideal cast of the master british actor ian holm as the age napoleon .
hashiguchi cover this territori with wit and origin , suggest that with his fourth featur -- the first to be releas in the u.s. -- a major director is emerg in world cinema .
although the film boil down to a lightweight stori about matchmak , the charact make italian for beginn worth the journey
the dragon are the real star of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappoint .
kudo to the most enchant film of the year .
it work well enough , sinc the thrill pop up frequent , and the dispatch of the cast is as often imagin as it is gori .
color and decept buoyant until it sudden pull the rug out from under you , burkinab filmmak dani kouyat 's rework of a folk stori whose root go back to 7th-centuri oral tradit is also a point polit allegori .
it 's a power though flaw movi , guarante to put a lump in your throat while reaffirm washington as possibl the best actor work in movi today .
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visual nijinski 's diari is both stimul and demand .
for 95 often hilari minut , -lrb- cho -rrb- riff on the dici of colon , on straight versus gay person ad , on how men would act if they had period , and on the peril of a certain outr sexual practic .
most of the thing that made the origin men in black such a pleasur are still there .
most honest , this somber pictur reveal itself slowli , intellig , art .
best enjoy as a work of fiction inspir by real-lif event .
those seek a definit account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewher .
-lrb- westbrook -rrb- make a wonder subject for the camera .
a film that 's flaw and brilliant in equal measur .
even if invinc is not quit the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstr that werner herzog can still leav us with a sens of wonder at the divers , marvel twist shape histori has taken .
ultim too repel to fulli endear itself to american art hous audienc , but it is notabl for it stylist auster and forc .
hard a film that come along everi day .
a wild ride with eight boarder from venic beach that was a deserv co-winn of the audienc award for documentari at the sundanc film festiv .
the film 's onli misstep come from the script 's insist on provid deep emot motiv for each and everi one of abagnal 's antic .
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girl , who learn that believ in someth doe matter .
the film belong to the marvel verdu , a sexi slip of an earth mother who mourn her tragedi in privat and embrac life in public
more intim than spectacular , e.t. is carri less by wow factor than by it funni , move yarn that hold up well after two decad .
for onc , a movi doe not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodi , but permit them time and space to convinc us of that all on their own .
if you re burnt out on it 's a wonder life marathon and bore with a christma carol , it might just be the movi you re look for .
it depend on how well flatul gag fit into your holiday concept .
moonlight mile doe n't quit go the distanc but the cast is impress and they all give life to these broken charact who are tri to make their way through this tragedi .
it is an indel epic american stori about two famili , one black and one white , face chang in both their inner and outer live .
not as well-written as sexi beast , not as glorious flippant as lock , stock and two smoke barrel , but stylish and moodi and except well-act .
quit simpli , a joy to watch and -- especi -- to listen to .
a flaw film but an admir one that tri to immers us in a world of artist abandon and polit mad and veri near succeed .
the filmmak wise decid to let crocodil hunter steve irwin do what he doe best , and fashion a stori around him .
a win and wild fascin work .
we do get the distinct impress that this franchis is draw to a close .
worth catch for griffith ' warm and win central perform .
the tone err on the shrill side , temper by a soft southern gentil that speak of beauti , grace and a closet full of skeleton .
an interest psycholog game of cat-and-mous , three-dimension charact and believ perform all add up to a satisfi crime drama .
a meatier deeper begin and\/or end would have easili tip this film into the `` a '' rang , as is , it 's a veri veri strong `` b + . '' i love the robust middl of this pictur .
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentari by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rest in the voic of men and women , now in their 70s , who live there in the 1940s .
maintain your interest until the end and even leav you with a few linger anim thought .
there is a beauti , ach sad to it all .
paul cox need to show it .
it is up to you to decid if you need to see it .
if divin secret of the ya-ya sisterhood suffer from a plod melodramat structur , it come to life in the perform .
if you ignor the clich and concentr on citi by the sea 's interperson drama , it ai n't half-bad .
there are n't too mani film that can be as simultan funni , offbeat and heartwarm -lrb- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -rrb- , but `` ell '' manag to do all three quit well , make it one of the year 's most enjoy releas .
reign of fire is hard the most origin fantasi film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owe enorm debt to alien and everi previous dragon drama -- but that bare make it ani less entertain .
an earnest , roughshod document , it serv as a workabl primer for the region 's recent histori , and would make a terrif 10th-grade learn tool .
samuel beckett appli to the iranian vote process .
the bard as black comedi -- willi would have love it .
anoth trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . ' ... the film 's consid approach to it subject matter is too calm and thought for agitprop , and the thin of it character make it a failur as straight drama . '
tadpol may be one of the most appeal movi ever made about an otherwis appal , and downright creepi , subject -- a teenag boy in love with his stepmoth .
this is a stori that zing all the way through with origin , humour and patho .
as underwat ghost stori go , below cast it spooki net out into the atlant ocean and spit it back , grizzl and char , somewher northwest of the bermuda triangl .
it is a challeng film , if not alway a narrat cohes one .
trap wo n't score point for polit correct , but it may caus parent a few sleepless hour -- a sign of it effect .
a rock-solid gangster movi with a fair amount of suspens , intrigu charact and bizarr bank robberi , plus a heavi dose of father-and-son dynam .
it 's incred the number of stori the holocaust has generat .
just when you think that everi possibl angl has been exhaust by documentarian , anoth new film emerg with yet anoth remark yet shock little-known perspect .
as they use to say in the 1950s sci-fi movi , sign is a tribut to shyamalan 's gift , which are such that we ll keep watch the sky for his next project .
there 's no convers effort , much of the write is genuin witti and both star are appeal enough to probabl have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .
like a skill fisher , the director use the last act to reel in the audienc sinc it poignanc hook us complet .
a film with contemporari polit reson illustr by a win famili stori .
kid five and up will be delight with the fast , funni , and even touch stori .
parent may even find that it goe by quick , becaus it has some of the funniest joke of ani movi this year , includ those intend for adult .
an unsettl , memor cinemat experi that doe it predecessor proud .
maid in manhattan might not look so appeal on third or fourth view down the road ... but as a high concept vehicl for two bright star of the moment who can rise to fan ' lofti expect , the movi pass inspect .
much of all about lili chou-chou is mesmer : some of it plaintiv could make you weep .
ferrara 's strongest and most touch movi of recent year .
spielberg 's first real masterpiec , it deserv all the heart it won -- and win still , 20 year later .
the screenwrit dig themselv in deeper everi time they toss logic and scienc into what is essenti a `` dungeon and dragon '' fantasi with modern militari weaponri ...
more than simpli a portrait of earli extrem sport , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolut is a skateboard film as social anthropolog ...
what i saw , i enjoy .
the level of act elev the materi abov pat inspir status and give it a sturdi and solid that we ve long associ with washington the actor .
a deft , delight mix of sulki teen drama and overcoming-obstacl sports-movi triumph .
dare percept , taut , pierc and feisti , biggi and tupac is undeni subvers and involv in it bold present .
deliv more than it fair share of sauci hilar .
a fair enjoy mixtur of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchi caper lock stock and two smoke barrel .
happili , some thing are immun to the folli of chang tast and attitud .
for proof of that on the cinemat front , look no further than this 20th anniversari edit of the film that spielberg call , retrospect , his most person work yet .
huge entertain from start to finish , featur a fall from grace that still leav shockwav , it will gratifi anyon who has ever suspect hollywood of be overrun by corrupt and hedonist weasel .
it 's not like have a real film of nijinski , but at least it 's better than that eponym 1980 biopic that use soap in the place where the mysteri linger .
it 's probabl worth catch sole on it visual merit .
if onli it had the stori to match .
like other great documentari ... this goe after one truth -lrb- the ford administr 's complic in tear ` orphan ' from their mother -rrb- and stumbl upon other even more compel .
... onli bond can save us from the latest eccentr , super-wealthi megalomaniac bent on world domin and destruct .
the first half burst with a goofi energi previous disney film onli use for a few minut here and there .
it 's quit divert nonsens .
an old-fashion scari movi , one that reli on linger terror punctuat by sudden shock and not constant bloodsh punctuat by fli gut .
for all the wit and hoopla , festiv in cann offer rare insight into the structur of relationship .
what make how i kill my father compel , besid it terrif perform , is fontain 's willing to wander into the dark area of parent-child relationship without flinch .
renner ?
s face is chill unemot , yet he communic a great deal in his perform .
see it for his perform if noth els .
... the kind of entertain that parent love to have their kid see .
it 's a fine , focus piec of work that reopen an interest controversi and never succumb to sensate .
it engag simplic is driven by appeal lead .
swim is abov all about a young woman 's face , and by cast an actress whose face project that woman 's doubt and yearn , it succeed .
a respect ventur on it own term , lack the broader vision that has seen certain trek film ... cross over to a more mainstream audienc .
it 's weird , wonder , and not necessarili for kid .
an eleg film with often surpris twist and an intermingl of naivet and sophist .
bless with two fine , nuanc lead perform .
while this has the make of melodrama , the filmmak cut against this natur grain , produc a work that 's more interest in ask question than in answer them .
as a girl-meets-girl romant comedi , kiss jessica steini quirki , charm and often hilari .
yet it 's not quit the genre-bust film it 's been hype to be becaus it play everyth too safe .
you do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realiz that as far as these shoot are concern , someth is rotten in the state of california .
turturro is fabul funni and over the top as a ` veri sneaki ' butler who excel in the art of imposs disappearing\/reappear act
meant for star war fan .
it is there to give them a good time .
from a decept simpl premis , this deepli move french drama develop a startl stori that work both as a detail person portrait and as a rather frighten examin of modern time .
simpli and eloqu articul the tangl feel of particular new yorker deepli touch by an unpreced tragedi .
provid a veri move and revelatori footnot to the holocaust .
terrif perform , great to look at , and funni .
a littl uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .
it 's a compel and horrifi stori , and the larami project is worthwhil for remind us that this sort of thing doe , in fact , still happen in america .
i like it .
there is a freedom to watch stunt that are this crude , this fast-pac and this insan .
that rare documentari that incorpor so much of human experi -- drama , conflict , tear and surpris -- that it transcend the normal divis between fiction and nonfict film .
that rare movi that work on ani number of level -- as a film of magic and whimsi for children , a heartfelt romanc for teenag and a compel argument about death , both pro and con , for adult .
it 's both degrad and strang liber to see peopl work so hard at lead live of sexi intrigu , onli to be reveal by the dispassion gantz brother as ordinari , pasti lumpen .
a sharp and quick documentari that is funni and pithi , while illumin an era of theatric comedi that , while past , realli is n't .
the film doe a solid job of slowli , steadili build up to the climact burst of violenc .
fred schepisi 's tale of four englishmen face the prospect of their own mortal view youth affluenc not as a lost ideal but a start point .
the direct to protect the code at all cost also begin to blur as the import of the man and the code merg
overal , cleti tout is a win comedi that excit the imagin and tickl the funni bone .
easili one of the best and most excit movi of the year .
the script manag the rare trick of seem at onc both refresh differ and reassur familiar .
an engag , formula sport drama that carri a charg of genuin excit .
insomnia is one of the year 's best film and pacino give one of his most dare , and complic , perform .
like vardalo and corbett , who play their role with vibrant charm , the film , direct by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilari in way you ca n't fake .
i do n't know if frailti will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest content with the knowledg that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movi .
despit it flaw ... belinski is still abl to creat an engag stori that keep you guess at almost everi turn .
each punch seen through prison bar , the fight becom not so much a struggl of man vs. man as brother-man vs. the man .
the evoc imageri and gentl , lap rhythm of this film are infecti -- it get under our skin and draw us in long befor the plot kick into gear .
like the best of godard 's movi ... it is visual ravish , penetr , impenetr .
horn and halo benefit from serendip but also remind us of our own respons to question what is told as the truth .
-lrb- has -rrb- an immediaci and an intimaci that suck you in and dare you not to believ it 's all true .
it treat ana 's journey with honesti that is tragic rare in the depict of young women in film .
captiv as it show excess in busi and pleasur , allow us to find the small , human moment , and leav off with a grand whimper .
a refresh realist , affectation-fre coming-of-ag tale .
how good this film might be , depend if you believ that the shock conclus is too much of a plung or not .
great fun both for sport aficionado and for ordinari lout whose idea of exercis is climb the step of a stadium-seat megaplex .
featur one of the most affect depict of a love affair ever commit to film .
to honest address the flaw inher in how medic aid is made avail to american worker , a more balanc or fair portray of both side will be need .
one of the best movi of the year .
the usual movi rah-rah , pleasant and predict deliv in low-key style by director michael apt and writer tom stoppard .
a superl b movi -- funni , sexi , and rous .
those prone to indign need not appli those suscept to blue hilar , step right up .
like mike is n't go to make box offic money that make michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moment , funni scene , and hit the target audienc -lrb- young bow wow fan -rrb- - with noth but net .
-lrb- dong -rrb- make a valiant effort to understand everyon 's point of view , and he doe such a good job of it that famili fundament get you rile up .
the trick when watch godard is to catch the pitch of his poetic , savor the pleasur of his sound and imag , and ponder the histor , philosoph , and ethic issu that intersect with them .
at it best , which occur often , michael moor 's bowl for columbin rekindl the muckrak , soul-search spirit of the ` are we a sick societi ? '
journal of the 1960s .
a modest surpris movi .
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jew on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manag not onli to find a compel dramat mean of address a complex situat , it doe so without compromis that complex .
there 's a spontan to the chateau , a sens of light-hearted , that make it attract throughout .
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probabl the most good-heart yet sensual entertain i 'm like to see all year .
like ani good romanc , son of the bride , prove it 's never too late to learn .
-lrb- kline 's -rrb- utter convinc -- and deepli appeal -- as a nobl teacher who embrac a strict moral code , and as a flaw human be who ca n't quit live up to it .
the film , while not exact assur in it execut , is notabl for it sheer audac and open .
a thorough enjoy , heartfelt coming-of-ag comedi .
feel like a dope has rare been more fun than it is in nine queen .
leigh make these live count .
and he allow a gawki actor like spall -- who could too easili becom comic relief in ani other film -- to reveal his impress delic rang .
a lot of fun , with an undeni energi spark by two actress in their 50s work at the peak of their power .
promis is one film that 's truli deserv of it oscar nomin .
what bubbl up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and veri welcom sens of watch intellig peopl make a movi they might actual want to watch .
if reno is to the left of liber on the polit spectrum , her tough , funni , rather chaotic show is n't subvers so much as it is nit-picki about the hypocrisi of our time .
beauti , angri and sad , with a curious sick poetri , as if the marqui de sade had gone in for pastel landscap .
ms. hutchin is talent enough and charismat enough to make us care about zelda 's ultim fate .
mont cristo smart emphas the well-wrought stori and omit needless chase scene and swordfight as the reveng unfold .
a mesmer cinemat poem from the first frame to the last .
-lrb- it 's -rrb- a clever thriller with enough unexpect twist to keep our interest .
an undeni move film to experi , and ultim that 's what make it worth a recommend .
nicol kidman evolv from star to superstar some time over the past year , which mean that birthday girl is the kind of quirkili appeal minor movi she might not make for a while .
vivid convey the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
the stori has some nice twist but the end and some of the back-stori is a littl tire .
the perform are all solid it mere lack origin to make it a great movi .
manag to pleas it intend audienc -- children -- without place their parent in a coma-lik state .
when you think you ve figur out bielinski 's great game , that 's when you re in the most troubl : he 's the con , and you re just the mark .
a strong first act and absolut , inescap gorgeous , skyscraper-trapez motion of the amaz spider-man .
driven by a fantast dual perform from ian holm ... the film is funni , insight human and a delight lark for histori buff .
a well-put-togeth piec of urban satir .
it 's the sweet cinderella stori that `` pretti woman '' want to be .
it will make you think twice about what might be go on insid each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefli inspir you to drive a littl faster .
what doe n't this film have that an impression kid could n't stand to hear ?
what save it ... and make it one of the better video-game-bas flick , is that the film acknowledg upfront that the plot make no sens , such that the lack of linear is the point of emot and moral departur for protagonist alic .
a deepli felt and vivid detail stori about newcom in a strang new world .
it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventur , as long as you do n't tri to look too deep into the stori
it 's a feel-good movi about which you can actual feel good .
a full experi , a love stori and a murder mysteri that expand into a medit on the deep decept of innoc .
the powerpuff girl arriv on the big screen with their super-pow , their super-simpl anim and their super-dooper-ador intact .
-lrb- raimi 's -rrb- matur quit a bit with spider-man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book film you ll ever see .
a new film from bill plympton , the anim master , is alway welcom .
a devast indict of unbridl greed and mater .
what make the film special is the refresh unhibit enthusiasm that the peopl , in spite of clear evid poverti and hardship , bring to their music .
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
the gag are often a stitch .
the asylum materi is grip , as are the scene of jia with his famili .
a bonanza of wacki sight gag , outlandish color scheme , and corni visual pun that can be appreci equal as an abstract frank tashlin comedi and as a play recapitul of the artist 's career .
one ca n't deni it serious and qualiti .
good perform and a realist , non-exploit approach make paid in full worth see .
this engross , characterist complex tom clanci thriller is shifti in the manner in which it address current terror anxieti and sidestep them at the same time .
ryan gosl is , in a word , brilliant as the conflict daniel .
... somehow manag to escap the shackl of it own clich to be the best espionag pictur to come out in week .
much of the ladi and the duke is about quiet , decis moment between member of the cultur elit as they determin how to proceed as the world implod .
take a simpl premis and carri it to unexpect height .
with few respit , marshal keep the energi hum , and his edit , unlik those in moulin roug , are crisp and purpos without overdo it .
it metaphor are opaqu enough to avoid didactic , and the film succeed as an emot access , almost mystic work .
provid a satisfactori overview of the bizarr world of extrem athlet as sever daredevil express their own view .
invent , fun , intox sexi , violent , self-indulg and madden .
comedian , like it subject , deliv the good and audienc will have a fun , no-fril ride .
a natur funni film , home movi make you crave chris smith 's next movi .
pipe dream doe have it charm .
the lead are natur and love , the pace is seren , the humor wri and spright .
those who want to be jolt out of their gourd should drop everyth and run to ichi .
... enthusiast invok the percuss rhythm , the brass soul and the sens of fierc competit that help make great march band half the fun of colleg footbal game .
shed light on a subject few are familiar with , and make you care about music you may not have heard befor .
despit the film 's bizarr develop , hoffman keep us rivet with everi pain nuanc , unexpect flash of dark comedi and the charact 's grip human .
to get at the root psycholog of this film would requir mani session on the couch of dr. freud .
great over-the-top moviemak if you re in a slap-happi mood .
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
the magic -lrb- and origin run time -rrb- of ace japanim hayao miyazaki 's spirit away surviv intact in bv 's re-voic version .
from the dull , surreal ach of mortal awar emerg a radiant charact portrait .
captur the raw comic energi of one of our most flamboy femal comic .
it 's not particular subtl ... howev , it still manag to build to a terrifi , if obvious , conclus .
the auteur 's ear for the way fear and slight are telegraph in the most blith exchang give the film it linger tug .
bolster by except perform and a clear-ey take on the econom of deal and the patholog of ghetto fabul .
this enthral documentari ... is at onc play and haunt , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclast artist who was fundament unknow even to his closest friend .
some remark achiv film about how shanghai -lrb- of all place -rrb- serv jew who escap the holocaust .
in a movi full of surpris , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedi , both gentl and bite .
the urban landscap are detail down to the sign on the kiosk , and the color palett , with lot of somber blue and pink , is dreami and evoc .
a manic generous christma vaudevill .
toni gayton 's script doe n't give us anyth we have n't seen befor , but director d.j. caruso 's grimi visual veneer and kilmer 's absorb perform increas the gravit pull consider .
a psychic journey deep into the veri fabric of iranian ... life .
it 's a smart direct , grown-up film of idea .
while pueril men domin the stori , the women shine .
unlik lot of hollywood fluff , this has layer , well-develop charact and some surpris .
for a film that 's be advertis as a comedi , sweet home alabama is n't as funni as you 'd hope .
for a film that 's be advertis as a comedi , sweet home alabama is n't as funni as you 'd hope .
vera has creat a provoc , absorb drama that reveal the curs of a self-hatr instil by rigid social more .
a french film with a more down-hom flavor .
depend upon your reaction to this movi , you may never again be abl to look at a red felt sharpi pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggl .
while bollywood\/hollywood will undoubt provid it keenest pleasur to those familiar with bombay music , it also has plenti for those -lrb- like me -rrb- who are n't .
there are time when you wish that the movi had work a littl harder to conceal it contriv , but brown sugar turn out to be a sweet and enjoy fantasi .
fontain master creat a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextric entwin through famili histori , each see himself in the other , neither like what he see .
as janic , eileen walsh , an engag , wide-ey actress whose teeth are a littl too big for her mouth , infus the movi with much of it slender , glint charm .
sure , it 's contriv and predict , but it perform are so well tune that the film come off win , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .
dong show how intoler has the power to deform famili , then tear them apart .
the chateau belong to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-depend flakebal spout french malaprop ... is a nonstop hoot .
the cast , collect a success exampl of the lovable-los protagonist , show deft comic time .
it trust the stori it set out to tell .
i could n't recommend this film more .
as a good old-fashion adventur for kid , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .
an effect portrait of a life in stasi -- of the power of inertia to arrest develop in a dead-end exist .
succeed as a well-mad evoc of a subcultur .
... an interest slice of histori .
me no lika da accent so good , but i thorough enjoy the love stori .
scott baio is turn in some delight work on indi project .
it 's an experi in understand a uniqu cultur that is present with univers appeal .
what 's surpris is how well it hold up in an era in which computer-gener imag are the norm .
bring togeth some of the biggest name in japanes anim , with impress result .
wonder , hope and magic can never escap the heart of the boy when the right movi come along , especi if it begin with the name of star war
a flick about our infantil cultur that is n't entir infantil .
an except act , quiet affect cop drama .
sensual , funni and , in the end , veri touch .
angel present event part from the perspect of aureli and christell , and infus the film with the sensibl of a particular nightmarish fairytal .
who need mind-bend drug when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilog , direct by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?
-lrb- a -rrb- smarter and much funnier version of the old polic academi flick .
proof onc again that if the filmmak just follow the book , they ca n't go wrong .
better effect , better act and a hilari kenneth branagh .
an excel sequel .
both a grand tour through 300 hundr year of russian cultur ident and a stun technic achiev .
just how these famili interact may surpris you .
prove that some movi formula do n't need mess with -- like the big-bug movi .
a surpris funni movi .
this new movi version of the alexandr duma classic is the stuff of high romanc , brought off with consider wit .
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fierc intellig and uncommon ambiti .
if a big music number like ` prais the lord , he 's the god of second chanc ' doe n't put you off , this will be an enjoy choic for younger kid .
... fuse the event of her life with the imageri in her paint so vivid that the artist 's work may take on a strike new signific for anyon who see the film .
-lrb- clooney 's -rrb- debut can be accus of be a bit undisciplin , but it has a tremend , offbeat sens of style and humor that suggest he was influenc by some of the filmmak who have direct him , especi the coen brother and steven soderbergh .
although made on a shoestr and uneven act , conjur a lynch-lik vision of the rot underbelli of middl america .
a piquant medit on the thing that prevent peopl from reach happi .
a time look back at civil disobedi , anti-war movement and the power of strong voic .
rifkin 's refer are ... impecc throughout .
i 'd be lie if i said my ribcag did n't ach by the end of kung pow .
more than their uniqu resid , home movi is about the peopl who live in them , who have carv their own comfort nich in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
the movi is ingeni fun .
see it .
the combin of light and strict in this instanc give italian for beginn an amiabl aimless that keep it from seem predict formula .
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favor .
an intellig , multi-lay and profound humanist -lrb- not to mention gentl polit -rrb- medit on the valu of knowledg , educ , and the affect of cultur and geograph displac .
mr. polanski is in his element here : alon , abandon , but still consol by his art , which is more than he has ever reveal befor about the sourc of his spiritu surviv .
spectacular in everi sens of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .
this is n't exact profound cinema , but it 's good-natur and sometim quit funni .
this is a fine written , superbl act offbeat thriller .
tres greek writer and star nia vardalo has craft here a worldly-wis and veri funni script .
a tasti appet that leav you want more .
it give devast testimoni to both peopl 's capac for evil and their heroic capac for good .
the film remind me of a vast improv german version of my big fat greek wed -- with better charact , some genuin quirki and at least a measur of style .
the differ is that i truli enjoy most of most martha while i ne
morton deserv an oscar nomin .
a color , vibrant introduct to a univers human impuls , lush photograph and beauti record .
the screenplay never let us forget that bourn was onc an amor assassin just like the one who are pursu him ... there is never realli a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .
the histori is fascin the action is dazzl .
they just do n't work in concert .
for those in search of someth differ , wendigo is a genuin bone-chil tale .
a love film for the holiday season .
it remain to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crime-land action genr , but then again , who say he has to ?
a hypnot cyber hymn and a cruel stori of youth cultur .
it 's a fairi tale that come from a renown indian film cultur that allow american to final revel in it splendor .
at onc subtl and viscer , the film never succumb to the trap of the maudlin or tear , offer instead with it unflinch gaze a measur of faith in the futur .
the perform of the children , untrain in act , have an honesti and digniti that break your heart .
despit it lavish formal and intellectu auster , the film manag to keep you at the edg of your seat with it shape-shift peril , polit intrigu and brush with calam .
this rush to profit has creat a predict effici piec of busi notabl larg for it overwhelm creepi , for an eager to creat imag you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of cours the point .
adam , with four scriptwrit , take care with the charact , who are so believ that you feel what they feel .
a complet spooki piec of busi that get under your skin and , some plot blip asid , stay there for the durat .
superbl photograph and stage by mend with a seri of rivet set piec the like of which mainstream audienc have rare seen .
the ensembl cast turn in a collect stellar perform , and the write is tight and truth , full of funni situat and honest observ .
not quit as miracul as it dreamwork maker would have you believ , but it more than adequ fill the eye and stir the emot .
a proper spooki film about the power of spirit to influenc us whether we believ in them or not .
the lightest , most breezi movi steven spielberg has made in more than a decad .
and the posit chang in tone here seem to have recharg him .
like edward norton in american histori x , ryan gosl -lrb- murder by number -rrb- deliv a magnet perform .
this is a veri funni , heartwarm film .
it has fun with the quirk of famili life , but it also treat the subject with fond and respect .
rare , inde almost never , is such high-wattag brainpow coupl with pitch-perfect act and an exquisit , unfak sens of cinema .
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthrop comedi .
a dark , quirki road movi that constant defi expect .
there are some movi that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's go to be a trip .
igbi goe down is one of those movi .
often messi and frustrat , but veri pleas at it best moment , it 's veri much like life itself .
a burst of color , music , and danc that onli the most practic curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
an energet , violent movi with a momentum that never let up .
lasker 's canni , medit script distanc sex and love , as byron and luther ... realiz they ca n't get no satisfact without the latter .
it turn out to be smarter and more diabol than you could have guess at the begin .
cage make an unusu but pleasant haunt debut behind the camera .
noyc has work wonder with the materi .
it 's most a pleasur to watch .
and the reason for that is a self-awar , often self-mock , intellig .
the chateau is a riski ventur that never quit goe where you expect and often surpris you with unexpect comedi .
a veri well-mean movi , and it will stand in futur year as an eloqu memori to the world trade center tragedi .
there are n't mani conclus answer in the film , but there is an interest stori of point person , courag , tragedi and the littl guy vs. the big guy .
vivid demonstr that the director of such hollywood blockbust as patriot game can still turn out a small , person film with an emot wallop .
a four star perform from kevin kline who unfortun work with a two star script .
dogtown & z-boy evok the blith rebel fantasi with the kind of insouci embed in the sexi demis of jame dean .
if you do n't flee , you might be seduc .
if you do n't laugh , flee .
payn construct a hilari ode to middl america and middl age with this unlik odyssey , featur a pathet , endear hero who is all too human .
kouri frighten and honest expos one teenag 's uncomfort class resent and , in turn , his self-inflict retali .
the santa claus 2 prove itself a more streamlin and thought out encount than the origin could ever have hope to be .
now as a former gong show addict , i ll admit it , my onli complaint is that we did n't get more re-creat of all those famous moment from the show .
succeed where it recent predecessor miser fail becaus it demand that you suffer the dread of war from both side .
the first bond movi in age that is n't fake fun .
this odd , poetic road movi , spike by jolt of pop music , pretti much take place in morton 's ever-watch gaze -- and it 's a tribut to the actress , and to her invent director , that the journey is such a mesmer one .
a film center on a tradit indian wed in contemporari new delhi may not sound like special fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolut delight for all audienc .
a weird and wonder comedi .
the movi should jolt you out of your seat a coupl of time , give you a few laugh , and leav you feel like it was worth your seven buck , even though it doe turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
has the capabl of effect chang and inspir hope .
a first-class , thorough involv b movi that effect combin two surefir , belov genr -- the prison flick and the fight film .
labut 's care handl make the materi seem genuin rather than pander .
in between all the emot seesaw , it 's hard to figur the depth of these two literari figur , and even the time in which they live .
but they fascin in their reckless .
death to smoochi is often veri funni , but what 's even more remark is the integr of devito 's misanthrop vision .
a beauti , entertain two hour .
you get the idea , though , that kapur intend the film to be more than that .
a wonder , ghast film .
amid the new populist comedi that underscor the import of famili tradit and famili communiti , one would be hard-press to find a movi with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .
parri ' perform is credibl and remark matur .
` enigma ' is the kind of engag histor drama that hollywood appear to have given up on in favor of sentiment war movi in the vein of ` we were soldier . ' munch 's screenplay is tender observ of his charact .
he watch them as they float within the sea of their person .
his scene are short and often unexpect .
it grab you in the dark and shake you vigor for it durat .
leigh 's dare here is that without onc deni the hardscrabbl live of peopl on the econom fring of margaret thatcher 's ruinous legaci , he insist on the import of those moment when peopl can connect and express their love for each other .
hashiguchi vivid captur the way young japanes live now , chafe against their cultur 's manic mix of millenni brusqu and undi , tradit politess .
uneven but a lot of fun .
i know that i ll never listen to marvin gay or the suprem the same way again
the two lead , near perfect in their role , bring a heart and realiti that buoy the film , and at time , elev it to a superior crime movi .
not as good as the full monti , but a realli strong second effort .
whenev it threaten to get bog down in earnest dramaturgi , a stir visual sequenc like a surg through swirl rapid or a leap from pinnacl to pinnacl rous us .
if hors could fli , this is sure what they 'd look like .
unfold as one of the most polit audaci film of recent decad from ani countri , but especi from franc .
this real-lif hollywood fairy-tal is more engag than the usual fantasi hollywood produc .
the graphic carnag and re-creat of war-torn croatia is uncomfort time , relev , and sicken real .
left me with the viscer sensat of long , last trace of charlott 's web of desir and desper .
the charact are more deepli thought through than in most ` right-think ' film .
cram with incid , and bristl with passion and energi .
it 's fun , splashi and entertain nasti .
a simpl tale of an unlik friendship , but thank to the gorgeous local and except lead perform , it has consider charm .
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseur from go out and enjoy the big-screen experi .
there 's veri littl sens to what 's go on here , but the maker serv up the clich with consider dash .
witti , contempl , and sublim beauti .
a surpris ` solid ' achiev by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley .
woven togeth handsom , recal sixti ' rockumentari mileston from lone boy to do n't look back .
this is pure , excit moviemak .
you wo n't exact know what 's happen but you ll be bliss exhaust .
the 1960s rebellion was misdirect : you ca n't fight your cultur .
work becaus reno doe n't becom smug or sanctimoni toward the audienc .
nettelbeck ... has a pleas way with a metaphor .
a pure participatori event that malnourish intellectu will gulp down in a frenzi .
the cast deliv without sham the raw-nerv stori .
steven soderbergh 's digit video experi is a clever and cut , quick and dirti look at modern live and movi life .
the film 's highlight is definit it screenplay , both for the rhapsod dialogu that jump off the page , and for the memor charact creation .
it let you brush up against the human of a psycho , without make him ani less psycho .
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -lrb- as best i rememb -rrb- , but still a veri good time at the cinema .
the film is bright and flashi in all the right way .
eleg and eloqu -lrb- medit -rrb- on death and that most elus of passion , love .
cut through the layer of soap-opera emot and you find a scath portray of a power entiti strangl the life out of the peopl who want to believ in it the most .
filmmak tian zhuangzhuang triumphant return to narrat filmmak with a visual master work of quiet power .
it excel becaus , unlik so mani other hollywood movi of it ilk , it offer hope .
shot in rich , shadowi black-and-whit , devil chronicl , with increas amus ironi , the relationship between reluct captor and befuddl captiv .
there 's no clear pictur of who kill bob crane .
but here 's a glimps at his life .
spectacular beauti , not to mention mysteri , sensual , emot intens , and replet with virtuoso throat-sing .
a summer entertain adult can see without feel embarrass , but it could have been more .
spars but odd compel .
a stir , funni and final transport re-imagin of beauti and the beast and 1930s horror film
the pinochet case is a sear album of remembr from those who , have surviv , suffer most .
a sweet-temp comedi that forgo the knee-jerk misogyni that pass for humor in so mani teenag comedi .
argento , at onli 26 , bring a youth , out-to-change-the-world aggress to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
with so mani bad romanc out there , this is the kind of movi that deserv a chanc to shine .
brash , intellig and erot perplex , hanek 's portrait of an upper class austrian societi and the suppress of it tuck away demon is uniqu felt with a sardon jolt .
though jackson doe n't alway succeed in integr the charact in the foreground into the extraordinarili rich landscap , it must be said that he is an imagin filmmak who can see the forest for the tree .
`` the quiet american '' begin in saigon in 1952 .
that 's it first sign of troubl .
a dazzl thing to behold -- as long as you re wear the somewhat cumbersom 3d goggl the theater provid .
be patient with the love hush !
and your reward will be a thought , emot movi experi .
the large-format film is well suit to captur these musician in full regalia and the incred imax sound system let you feel the beat down to your toe .
godard has never made a more sheer beauti film than this unexpect move medit on love , histori , memori , resist and artist transcend .
the kind of movi that come along onli occasion , one so unconvent , gutsi and perfect execut it take your breath away .
unlik most surf movi , blue crush thrill use modern technolog to take the viewer insid the wave .
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoke . '
the off-cent humor is a constant , and the ensembl give it a buoyant deliveri .
a tasti slice of droll whimsi .
mike leigh popul his movi with a wonder ensembl cast of charact that bring the routin day to day struggl of the work class to life
awesom work : ineff , elus , yet inexplic power
sparkl , often hilari romant jealousi comedi ... attal look so much like a young robert deniro that it seem the film should instead be call ` my husband is travi bickl ' .
even if you re an agnost carnivor , you can enjoy much of jonah simpli , and grate , as laugh-out-loud lunaci with a pronounc monti pythonesqu flavor .
where bowl for columbin is at it most valuabl is in it examin of america 's cultur of fear as a root caus of gun violenc .
the result is somewhat satisfi -- it still come from spielberg , who has never made anyth that was n't at least watchabl .
but it 's also disappoint to a certain degre .
the all-french cast is marveilleux .
there 's a lot to recommend read my lip .
a minor film with major pleasur from portugues master manoel de oliviera ...
brosnan give a portray as solid and as perfect as his outstand perform as bond in die anoth day .
audienc are advis to sit near the back and squint to avoid notic some truli egregi lip-non-synch , but otherwis the product is suitabl eleg .
the movi is ... veri funni as you peek at it through the finger in front of your eye .
nick sustain the level of exagger , styliz humor throughout by take your expect and twist them just a bit .
a refresh chang from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aim at the youth market .
it find it moviego pleasur in the tini event that could make a person who has live her life half-asleep sudden wake up and take notic .
... an enjoy frothi ` date movi ' ... the genius of the work speak volum , offer up a hallucinatori dreamscap that frustrat and captiv .
two week notic has appeal beyond be a sandra bullock vehicl or a standard romant comedi .
the movi 's seam may show ... but pellington give `` mothman '' an irresist uncanni ambienc that goe a long way toward keep the pictur compel .
if most martha is most unsurpris , it 's still a sweet , even delect divers .
a wild comedi that could onli spring from the dement mind of the writer of be john malkovich .
schnitzler doe a fine job contrast the sleek of the film 's present with the play paranoia of the film 's past . '
a fresh-fac , big-heart and frequent funni thrill ride for the kiddi , with enough eye candi and cheeki wit to keep parent away from the concess stand . '
mana give us compel , damag charact who we want to help -- or hurt .
the sentiment script has problem , but the actor pick up the slack .
a good documentari can make interest a subject you thought would leav you cold .
a case in point : doug pray 's scratch .
abderrahman sissako 's heremakono -lrb- wait for happi -rrb- is an elegiac portrait of a transit citi on the west african coast struggl against foreign influenc .
in xxx , diesel is that rare creatur -- an action hero with tabl manner , and one who prove that eleg is more than tattoo deep .
an engross and grim portrait of hooker : what they think of themselv and their client .
it all play out ... like a high-end john hugh comedi , a kind of elder bueller 's time out .
the film is enrich by an imagin mix cast of antic spirit , head by christoph plummer as the subtlest and most complexli evil uncl ralph i ve ever seen in the mani film and stage adapt of the work .
this is one of the rarest kind of film : a family-ori non-disney film that is actual funni without hit below the belt .
it is refresh undogmat about it charact .
a move and import film .
deep intellig and a warm , envelop affect breath out of everi frame .
famuyiwa 's featur deal with it subject matter in a tast , intellig manner , rather than forc us to endur everi plot contriv that the cliche-riddl genr can offer .
showtim is a fine-look film with a bounci score and a clutch of live song for deft punctuat .
sweet home alabama is n't go to win ani academi award , but this date-night divers will definit win some heart .
a cruelli funni twist on teen comedi pack with invent cinemat trick and an iron killer soundtrack
a gracious , eloqu film that by it end offer a ray of hope to the refuge abl to look ahead and resist live in a past forev lost .
even though mani of these guy are less than ador -lrb- their lament are pretti much self-cent -rrb- , there 's someth vital about the movi .
a tour de forc drama about the astonish pivot role of imagin in the soul develop of two rowdi teenag .
it is a strength of a documentari to disregard avail bias , especi as tempt easi as it would have been with this premis .
when twentysometh hotsi make movi about their live , hard-driv narciss is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterpart ... had this much imagin and nerv .
maryam is more time now than ever .
an eloqu , reflect and beauti act medit on both the profound devast event of one year ago and the slow , pain heal process that has follow in their wake .
piccoli give a superb perform full of deep feel .
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
this is a more fascin look at the futur than `` bladerunn '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventur attempt for the screen .
the rare movi that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's base .
a film of epic scale with an intim feel , a saga of the up and down of friendship .
sayl has an eye for the way peopl of differ ethnic talk to and about other outsid the group .
`` nichola nicklebi '' is a perfect famili film to take everyon to sinc there 's no new `` a christma carol '' out in the theater this year .
charli hunnam has the twinkl eye , repress smile and determin face need to carri out a dickensian hero .
niccol the filmmak merg his collabor ' symbol imag with his word , insinu , for exampl , that in hollywood , onli god speak to the press
khouri manag , with terrif flair , to keep the extrem of screwbal farc and blood-curdl famili intens on one continuum .
impress as a skill assembl , high polish and profession adapt ... just about as chill and unsettl as ` manhunt ' was .
it 's a solid movi about peopl whose live are anyth but .
though a touch too arthous 101 in it poetic symbol , heaven prove to be a good match of the sensibl of two director .
i simpli ca n't recommend it enough .
wiseman reveal the victim of domest abus in all of their piti and terror .
muccino , who direct from his own screenplay , is a canni crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provid more than enough sentiment catharsi for a satisfi even at the multiplex .
we want the funk - and this movi 's got it .
wow , so who knew charl dicken could be so light-heart ?
mani went to see the attract for the sole reason that it was hot outsid and there was air condit insid , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movi one bit .
the storylin are woven togeth skil , the magnific swoop aerial shot are breathtak , and the overal experi is awesom .
a miracul movi , i 'm go home is so slight , yet overflow with wisdom and emot .
baran is shock devoid of your typic majid majidi shoe-lov , crippl children .
everi moment crackl with tension , and by the end of the flick , you re on the edg of your seat .
a fine , rous , g-rat famili film , aim main at littl kid but with plenti of entertain valu to keep grown-up from squirm in their seat .
the seri ' messag about make the right choic in the face of tempt altern remain promin , as do the girl ' amus person .
rich entertain and suggest of ani number of metaphor read .
a compel allegori about the last day of germani 's democrat weimar republ .
offer a guilt-fre trip into feel-good territori .
a b-movi you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
devo deliv a perfect perform that captur the innoc and bud demon within a wallflow .
disappoint , the charact are too strang and dysfunct , tom includ , to ever get under the skin , but this is compens in larg part by the off-the-wal dialogu , visual play and the outlandish of the idea itself .
director todd solondz has made a movi about critic reaction to his two previous movi , and about his respons to the charact that he creat .
the word that come to mind , while watch eric rohmer 's tribut to a courag scottish ladi , is painter .
a fascin case studi of flower-pow liber -- and the price that was paid for it .
bluer than the atlant and more biolog detail than an autopsi , the movi ... is , also , frequent hilari .
realli is a pan-american movi , with moment of genuin insight into the urban heart .
an over familiar scenario is made fresh by an intellig screenplay and grip perform in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indi effort .
pepper this urban studi with refer to norwegian folktal , villeneuv creat in maelstrom a world where the bizarr is credibl and the real turn magic .
ong 's promis debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chines immigr 's experi in new york citi .
that the real antwon fisher was abl to overcom his person obstacl and becom a good man is a wonder thing that he has been abl to share his stori so compel with us is a minor miracl .
there 's not much to fatal , outsid of it stylish surpris ... but that 's ok .
what redeem the film is the cast , particular the ya-ya themselv .
beauti , cold , odd color and just plain otherworld , a freaki bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the imag .
it 's up to -lrb- watt -rrb- to lend credibl to this strang scenario , and her presenc succeed in make us believ .
the film is dark atmospher , with herrmann quiet suggest the sad and obsess beneath hearst 's forc avuncular chortl .
shyamalan take a potenti trite and overus concept -lrb- alien come to earth -rrb- and infus it into a rustic , realist , and altogeth creepi tale of hidden invas .
... the stori , like ravel 's bolero , build to a crescendo that encompass mani more path than we start with .
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admit , not entir humorless .
inde , the more outrag bit achiev a shock-you-into-laught intens of almost dadaist proport .
gondri 's direct is adequ ... but what give human natur it uniqu feel is kaufman 's script .
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you ve never seen the deep like you see it in these harrow surf shot .
with a larg cast repres a broad cross-sect , taverni 's film bound along with the rat-a-tat energi of `` his girl friday , '' maintain a light touch while tackl serious theme .
the observ of this social\/economic\/urban environ are canni and spice with ironi .
renner carri much of the film with a creepi and dead-on perform .
jarecki and gibney do find enough materi to bring kissing 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweak version of statecraft may have cost thousand and possibl million of live .
the spaniel-ey jean reno infus hubert with a mixtur of deadpan cool , wri humor and just the measur of tender requir to give this comic slugfest some heart .
aniston has at last decis broken with her friend imag in an independ film of satir fire and emot turmoil .
a mild enjoy if toothless adapt of a much better book .
unexpect , and often contradictori , truth emerg .
300 year of russian histori and cultur compress into an evanesc , seamless and sumptuous stream of conscious .
intellig , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human be .
may take it sweet time to get wherev it 's go , but if you have the patienc for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wast your .
less the sensat true-crim hell-jaunt purist might like and more experiment in it storytel -lrb- though no less horrifi for it -rrb- .
the film is one of the year 's best .
eerili accur depict of depress .
... a delici crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .
charm and witti , it 's also somewhat clumsi .
direct with purpos and finess by england 's roger mitchel , who handili make the move from pleas , relat lightweight commerci fare such as not hill to commerci fare with real themat heft .
escap the precious trap of most romant comedi , infus into the stori veri real , complic emot .
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from be a bow-wow .
-lrb- allen -rrb- manag to breath life into this somewhat tire premis .
i have two word to say about reign of fire .
great dragon !
by surround us with hyper-artifici , hayn make us see familiar issu , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
a delib account of a lifestyl character by it surface-obsess -- one that typifi the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
superb product valu & christian bale 's charisma make up for a deriv plot .
the film has the courag of it convict and excel perform on it side .
i know i should n't have laugh , but hey , those fart got to my inner nine-year-old .
a movi that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
it 's a smart , funni look at an arcan area of popular cultur , and if it is n't entir persuas , it doe give exposur to some talent perform .
more vaudevill show than well-construct narrat , but on those term it 's inoffens and actual rather sweet .
the case is a convinc one , and should give anyon with a conscienc reason to paus .
the actress find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad idea and awkward .
divert french comedi in which a husband has to cope with the peski mood of jealousi .
captiv and show how a skill filmmak can impart a messag without bludgeon the audienc over the head .
there is a welcom lack of pretens about the film , which veri simpli set out to entertain and end up deliv in good measur .
coy but exhilar , with realli solid perform by ving rhame and wesley snipe .
it is a likabl stori , told with compet .
not onli doe spider-man deliv , but i suspect it might deliv again and again .
tackl the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embrac spirit that the theme doe n't drag an audienc down .
a small movi with a big impact .
the movi , despit it rough edg and a tendenc to sag in certain place , is wri and engross .
i admir the close scene of the film , which seem to ask whether our civil offer a cure for vincent 's complaint .
like rudi yellow lodg , eyr need to take a good sweat to clarifi his cinemat vision befor his next creation and rememb the lesson of the trickster spider .
a delight romant comedi with plenti of bite .
it 's far from a frothi piec , and the charact are complex , laden with plenti of baggag and ting with tragic underton .
use an endear cast , writer\/director dover kosashvili take a slight dark look at relationship , both sexual and kindr .
when a movi has stuck around for this long , you know there 's someth there .
it 's that good .
smart , sassi interpret of the oscar wild play .
forget about one oscar nomin for juliann moor this year - she should get all five .
japanes director shohei imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultim satisfi blend of the sophomor and the sublim .
kwan is a master of shadow , quietud , and room nois , and lan yu is a disarm lived-in movi .
while the plot follow a predict connect-the-dot cours ... director john schultz color the pictur in some evoc shade .
katz 's documentari doe n't have much panach , but with materi this rich it doe n't need it .
we get an imag of big papa span histori , rather than suspend it .
evelyn 's strong cast and surehand direct make for a win , heartwarm yarn .
a convent but heartwarm tale .
this is one of the outstand thriller of recent year .
skin has a desol air , but eyr , a nativ american rais by white parent , manag to infus the rocki path to sibl reconcili with flash of warmth and gentl humor .
a film of quiet power .
more concern with overal feel , broader idea , and open-end question than concret stori and definit answer , soderbergh 's solari is a gorgeous and decept minimalist cinemat tone poem .
an intellig romant thriller of a veri old-school kind of qualiti .
the sword fight is well done and auteuil is a goofi pleasur .
yes , mibii is rote work and predict , but with a philosoph visual come right at the end that extravag redeem it .
film ca n't quit maintain it initi momentum , but remain sporad funni throughout .
o fantasma is bold , confid orchestr , aesthet and sexual , and it impact is deepli and right disturb .
it 's still adam sandler , and it 's not littl nicki .
and for mani of us , that 's good enough .
here 's yet anoth cool crime movi that actual manag to bring someth new into the mix .
lee 's achiev extend to his suppl understand of the role that brown play in american cultur as an athlet , a movi star , and an imag of black indomit .
kaufman and jonz take huge risk to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desir as human be for passion in our live and the empti one feel when it is miss .
it tend to remind one of a realli solid woodi allen film , with it excel use of new york local and sharp write
while center on the life experi of a particular theatric famili , this marvel documentari touch -- ever so grace -- on the entir histori of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .
the film , despit the gratuit cinemat distract impress upon it , is still good fun .
the immers power of the giant screen and it hyper-realist imag are put to perfect use in the breathtak beauti outer-spac documentari space station 3d .
has an unmistak , easi joie de vivr .
more than anyth els , kiss jessica stein inject fresh and spirit into the romant comedi genr , which has been held hostag by generic script that seek to remak sleepless in seattl again and again .
this movi has the usual imposs stunt ... but it has just as mani scene that are lean and tough enough to fit in ani modern action movi .
most work becaus of the univers theme , earnest perform ... and excel use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
... the one thing this wild film has that other imax film do n't : chimp , lot of chimp , all blown up to the size of a hous .
that 's fun for kid of ani age .
writer\/director david caesar ladl on the local flavour with a huge enjoy film about chang time , clash cultur and the pleasur of a well-mad pizza .
rare have i seen a film so will to champion the fallibl of the human heart .
holofcen reject patent solut to dramat life 's messi from insid out , in all it strang quirk .
like the full monti , this is sure to rais audienc 's spirit and leav them sing long after the credit roll .
... a gleefulli grungi , hilari wick black comedi ... kinnear and dafo give what may be the perform of their career .
all in all , a great parti .
a move stori of determin and the human spirit .
`` brown sugar '' admir aspir to be more than anoth `` best man '' clone by weav a theme throughout this funni film .
-lrb- gulpilil -rrb- is a command screen presenc , and his charact 's abund human make him the film 's moral compass .
an effortless accomplish and rich reson work .
in some way , lagaan is quintessenti bollywood .
except it 's much , much better .
though it never rise to it full potenti as a film , still offer a great deal of insight into the femal condit and the timeless danger of emot repress .
scotland look wonder , the fan are often funni fanat , the showdown sure beat a bad day of golf .
what enliven this film , beyond the astut direct of cardoso and beauti detail perform by all of the actor , is a note of defianc over social dictat .
the emot is impress true for be so hot-blood , and both lead are up to the task .
although it lack the detail of the book , the film doe pack some serious suspens .
i 'd watch these two togeth again in a new york minut .
there 's noth like love to give a movi a b-12 shot , and cq shimmer with it .
a move essay about the specter of death , especi suicid .
this film is so differ from the appl and so strike that it can onli encourag us to see samira makhmalbaf as a veri distinct sensibl , work to develop her own film languag with conspicu success .
like a less dizzili gorgeous companion to mr. wong 's in the mood for love -- veri much a hong kong movi despit it mainland set .
... a somber film , almost complet unreliev by ani comedi beyond the wist everyday ironi of the work poor .
coral reef adventur is a heavyweight film that fight a good fight on behalf of the world 's endang reef -- and it let the pictur do the punch .
the overal result is an intellig , realist portray of test boundari .
poignant and move , a walk to rememb is an inspir love stori , captur the innoc and ideal of that first encount .
worth a salut just for tri to be more complex than your averag film .
handsom and sophist approach to the workplac romant comedi .
a shimmer love coming-of-ag portrait , shot in art , wateri tone of blue , green and brown .
while cherish doe n't complet surviv it tonal transform from dark comedi to suspens thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appeal charact quirk to forgiv that still serious problem .
in mani way , reminisc of 1992 's unforgiven which also util the scintil forc of it actor to draw out the menac of it spars dialogu .
we admir this film for it harsh object and refus to seek our tear , our sympathi .
an often watchabl , though goofi and lurid , blast of a costum drama set in the late 15th centuri .
the entir cast is first-rat , especi sorvino .
the cat 's meow mark a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...
this one is strict a lightweight escapist film .
this sensit , smart , savvi , compel coming-of-ag drama delv into the passive-aggress psycholog of co-depend and the struggl for self-esteem .
the culmin of everyon 's effort is given life when a select appear in it final form -lrb- in `` last danc '' -rrb- .
in question the elect process , payami graphic illustr the problem of fledgl democraci , but also the strength and sens of freedom the iranian peopl alreadi possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
a veri charm and funni movi .
this is a film that manag to find great in the hue of it drastic iconographi .
streamlin to a tight , brisk 85-minut screwbal thriller , `` big troubl '' is funni , harmless and as substanti as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
consumm actor barri has done excel work here .
the biggest problem with this movi is that it 's not near long enough .
while not all that bad of a movi , it 's nowher near as good as the origin .
ali 's graduat from littl screen to big is far less pain than his open scene encount with an over-amor terrier .
i have alway appreci a smart written motion pictur , and , whatev flaw igbi goe down may possess , it is undeni that .
you can sip your vintag wine and watch your merchant ivori product i ll settl for a nice cool glass of ice tea and a jerri bruckheim flick ani day of the week .
may be the most undeserv victim of critic overkil sinc town and countri .
a chilli , brood but quiet reson psycholog studi of domest tension and unhappi .
the movi doe it best to work us over , with second help of love , romanc , tragedi , fals dawn , real dawn , comic relief , two separ crise dure marriag ceremoni , and the lush sceneri of the cotswold .
cold , nervi and memor .
becom a fascin studi of isol and frustrat that success recreat both the physic set and emot tension of the papin sister .
spend your benjamin on a matine .
all in all , it 's a pretti good execut of a stori that 's a lot richer than the one hollywood action screenwrit usual come up with on their own .
worth see just for weaver and lapaglia .
a pleasant piec of escapist entertain .
among the mani pleasur are the live intellig of the artist and their percept about their own situat .
it 's consist funni , in an irresist junior-high way , and consist free of ani gag that would forc you to give it a millisecond of thought .
it 's the cute frisson of discoveri and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nice wound clock not just tick , but hum .
the storytel may be ordinari , but the cast is one of those all-star reunion that fan of gosford park have come to assum is just anoth day of brit cinema .
there 's someth about a march band that get me where i live .
cuaron repeat , pervers undercut the joie de vivr even as he creat it , give the movi a mourn undercurr that place the good-tim shenanigan in welcom perspect .
it 's definit an improv on the first blade , sinc it doe n't take itself so dead serious .
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolli , wall-to-wal good time .
what 's infuri about full frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sens .
what 's invigor about it is that it doe n't give a damn .
is red dragon worthi of a place alongsid the other hannib movi ?
as hannib would say , yes , ` it 's like have an old friend for dinner ' .
writer-director juan carlo fresnadillo make a featur debut that is fulli form and remark assur .
insight written , delic perform
perhap the grossest movi ever made .
funni , though .
this 90-minut postmodern voyag was more divert and thought-provok than i 'd expect it to be .
one of those exceed rare film in which the talk alon is enough to keep us involv .
a heartbreak thought minor classic , the work of a genuin and singular artist .
an affection goofi satir that 's unafraid to throw elbow when necessari ...
between them , de niro and murphi make showtim the most savori and hilari guilti pleasur of mani a recent movi season .
jackson tri to keep the plate spin as best he can , but all the bounc back and forth ca n't help but becom a bit tedious -- even with the breathtak landscap and villain varmint there to distract you from the ricochet .
filmmak david weissman and bill weber benefit enorm from the cockett ' camera crazi -- not onli did they film perform , but they did the same at home .
interest both as a histor studi and as a tragic love stori .
a stylish but steadi , and ultim veri satisfi , piec of character-driven storytel .
it pick me up , swung me around , and drop me back in my seat with more emot forc than ani other recent film .
graham green 's novel of coloni and empir is elev by michael cain 's perform as a weari journalist in a chang world .
though it 's equal solipsist in tone , the movi has enough vital to justifi the notion of creat a screen adapt of evan ' saga of hollywood excess .
compuls watchabl , no matter how degrad thing get .
deliv rough equal amount of beauti movement and insid inform .
bon appetit !
just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfi -- from it ripe recip , inspir ingredi , certifi cuisin and palat present .
the structur is simpl , but in it own way , rabbit-proof fenc is a quest stori as grand as the lord of the ring .
this charm , thought-provok new york fest of life and love has it reward .
some peopl march to the beat of a differ drum , and if you ever wonder what kind of hous those peopl live in , this documentari take a look at 5 altern hous option .
play profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscrap nurseri surround by open window .
a film that will enthral the whole famili .
the charm of the first movi is still there , and the stori feel like the logic , unforc continu of the career of a pair of spi kid .
k 19 stay afloat as decent drama\/act flick
it send you away a believ again and quit cheer at just that .
like the best 60 minut expos , the film -lrb- at 80 minut -rrb- is actual quit entertain .
an 83 minut document of a project which start in a muddl , seesaw back and forth between control interest multipl time , then found it sweet spot
an emot and spiritu compel journey seen through the right eye , with the right actor and with the kind of visual flair that show what great cinema can realli do .
nair doe n't use -lrb- monsoon wed -rrb- to lament the loss of cultur .
instead , she see it as a chanc to revit what is and alway has been remark about clung-to tradit .
both grant and hoult carri the movi becaus they are believ as peopl -- flaw , assur of the wrong thing , and scare to admit how much they may realli need the compani of other .
lead a doubl life in an american film onli come to no good , but not here .
matter play out realist if not alway fair .
in the affabl maid in manhattan , jennif lopez 's most aggress and most sincer attempt to take movi by storm , the diva shrewd surround herself with a compani of strict a-list player .
like mike is a harmless naiv slice of b-ball fantasi , fit for fill in dure the real nba 's off-season .
though writer\/director bart freundlich 's film ultim becom a simplist stori about a dysfunct parent-child relationship , it has some special qualiti and the soul graviti of crudup 's anchor perform .
what the movi lack in action it more than make up for in drama , suspens , reveng , and romanc .
just offbeat enough to keep you interest without come close to bowl you over .
probe in a light-heart way the romant problem of individu for whom the yearn for passion spell discont .
what elev the movi abov the run-of-the-mil singl blender is it surreal sens of humor and technolog finish .
a film about femal friendship that men can embrac and women will talk about for hour .
the direct and stori are disjoint , flaw that have to be laid squar on taylor 's doorstep .
but the actor make this worth a peek .
light the candl , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calori becaus there 's precious littl substanc in birthday girl -- it 's simpli , and surpris , a nice , light treat .
it may be about drug dealer , kidnap , and unsavori folk , but the tone and pace are shock intim .
massoud 's stori is an epic , but also a tragedi , the record of a tenaci , human fighter who was also the prison -lrb- and ultim the victim -rrb- of histori .
if villain vampir are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definit a cut abov the rest .
drumlin abli captur the complic relationship in a march band .
becaus the film deliber lack ironi , it has a genuin dramat impact it play like a power 1957 drama we ve somehow never seen befor .
doe point the way for adventur indian filmmak toward a crossov into nonethn market .
seem base on ugli idea instead of ugli behavior , as happi was ... henc , storytel is far more appeal .
`` sum '' is jack ryan 's `` do-ov . '' give credit to everyon from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move work .
especi give credit to affleck .
an intellig made -lrb- and beauti edit -rrb- pictur that at the veri least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenti of movi that flow through the hollywood pipelin without a hitch .
a terrif date movi , whatev your orient .
not all of the stori work and the one that do are thin and scatter , but the film work well enough to make it worth watch .
what it lack in origin it make up for in effect if cheap moment of fright and dread .
the pain , loneli and insecur of the screenwrit process are vivid and pain brought to sloven life in this self-deprec , bite and witti featur written by charli kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and direct by spike jonz .
a gem of a movi .
witti , vibrant , and intellig .
it 's all stitch togeth with energi , intellig and verv , enhanc by a surplus of vintag archiv footag .
miller come at film with brace intellig and a vision both painter and literari .
the film is moodi , ooz , chill and heart-warm all at onc ... a twist , unpredict , cat-and-mous thriller .
eight leg freak is clever and funni , is amus by it special effect , and leav you feel like you ve seen a movi instead of an endless trailer .
this is histor filmmak without the balm of right-think ideolog , either liber or conserv .
mr. scorses 's braveri and integr in advanc this vision can hard be underestim .
a thriller whose style , structur and rhythm are so integr with the stori , you can not separ them .
it 's a hoot watch the rock chomp on jumbo ant , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscath through rage fire !
return director rob minkoff ... and screenwrit bruce joel rubin ... have done a fine job of updat white 's dri wit to a new age .
unfold with such a wallop of you-are-ther immediaci that when the bullet start to fli , your first instinct is to duck .
a strong script , power direct and splendid product design allow us to be transport into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not onli a pianist , but a good human be .
an unflinch look at the world 's dispossess .
if the film fail to fulfil it own ambiti goal , it nonetheless sustain interest dure the long build-up of expositori materi .
polanski has found the perfect materi with which to address his own world war ii experi in his signatur style .
it is life affirm and heartbreak , sweet without the decay factor , funni and sad .
an off-beat and fanci film about the human need for monster to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
a color , joyous celebr of life a tapestri woven of romanc , danc , sing , and unforgett charact .
frei assembl a fascin profil of a deepli humanist artist who , in spite of all that he 's wit , remain surpris idealist , and retain an extraordinari faith in the abil of imag to communic the truth of the world around him .
nice combin the enigmat featur of ` memento ' with the hallucinatori drug cultur of ` requiem for a dream . ' a well pace and satisfi littl drama that deserv better than a ` direct-to-video ' releas .
the best part about `` gang '' was daniel day-lewi .
a treat for it depict on not give up on dream when you re a struggl nobodi .
one of those rare film that seem as though it was written for no one , but somehow manag to convinc almost everyon that it was put on the screen , just for them .
a grip documentari that reveal how deep the antagon lie in war-torn jerusalem .
director chris wedg and screenwrit michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman creat some episod that rival vintag looney tune for the most creativ mayhem in a brief amount of time .
one of the film 's most effect aspect is it tchaikovski soundtrack of neurasthen regret .
solondz creat some effect moment of discomfort for charact and viewer alik .
the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the cast of juliett binoch as sand , who bring to the role her pale , dark beauti and characterist warmth .
i was amus and entertain by the unfold of bielinski 's clever construct scenario , and great impress by the skill of the actor involv in the enterpris .
somehow ms. griffith and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsi .
more matur than fatal attract , more complet than indec propos and more relev than 9 1\/2 week , unfaith is at onc intim and univers cinema .
for all the dolor trim , secretari is a genial romanc that maintain a surpris buoyant tone throughout , notwithstand some of the writer ' sporad dip into pop freudian .
a fanci drama about napoleon 's last year and his surpris discoveri of love and humil .
a high person look at the effect of live a dysfunct privileg lifestyl , and by the end , we onli wish we could have spent more time in it world .
eric schweig and graham green both exud an air of digniti that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still linger in the soul of these charact .
love and amaz is holofcen 's deep , uncompromis curtsi to women she know , and veri like is .
when all is said and done , she love them to piec -- and so , i trust , will you .
campbel scott find the ideal outlet for his flick-knif diction in the role of roger swanson .
-lrb- fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the marri coupl howard and michell hall -rrb- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
russian ark is a new treasur of the hermitag .
the anim sequenc are well done and perfect construct to convey a sens of childhood imagin and creat adventur out of angst .
it 's definit a step in the right direct .
as the princess , sorvino glide grace from male persona to femal without miss a beat .
ben kingsley is truli funni , play a kind of ghandi gone bad .
oursid the theatr roger might be intoler compani , but insid it he 's well worth spend some time with .
a gem , captur in the unhurri , low-key style favor by mani director of the iranian new wave .
in an era where big star and high product valu are standard procedur , narc strike a defiant retro chord , and outpac it contemporari with dare and verv .
rang from laugh-out-loud hilari to wonder-what - time-it-i tedious .
the film 's gambl to occasion break up the live-act scene with anim sequenc pay off , as doe it sensit handl of some delic subject matter .
talk to her is not the perfect movi mani have made it out to be , but it 's still quit worth see .
beat the austin power film at their own game , this blaxploit spoof downplay the raunch in favor of gag that reli on the strength of their own clever as oppos to the extent of their outrag .
this is a dark , gritti , sometim funni littl gem .
for all it visual panach and compel support charact , the heart of the film rest in the relationship between sullivan and his son .
what make salton sea surpris engross is that caruso take an atyp hypnot approach to a world that 's often handl in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
a hidden-agenda drama that shout classic french nuanc .
with spi kid 2 : the island of lost dream , the spi kid franchis establish itself as a durabl part of the movi landscap : a jame bond seri for kid .
an invalu histor document thank to the filmmak 's extraordinari access to massoud , whose charm , cultiv and devot to his peopl are readili appar .
the perform of the four main actress bring their charact to life .
a littl melodramat , but with enough hope to keep you engag .
lan yu seem altogeth too slight to be call ani kind of masterpiec .
it is , howev , a complet honest , open-heart film that should appeal to anyon will to succumb to it .
everyon should be abl to appreci the wonder cinematographi and naturalist act .
this often-hilari farc manag to generat the belli laugh of lowbrow comedi without sacrif it high-mind appeal .
expand the limit of what a film can be , take us into the live of women to whom we might not give a second look if we pass them on the street .
the farcic element seem too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet it divert grim messag is a good one .
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramat as roman polanski 's the pianist , but it compassion spirit soar everi bit as high .
despit these annoy , the capabl clayburgh and tambor realli do a great job of anchor the charact in the emot realiti of middl age .
the underworld urban angst is deriv of martin scorses 's taxi driver and goodfella , but this film speak for itself .
the film 's headi yet far from impenetr theori suggest that russian take comfort in their closed-off nationalist realiti .
despit modest aspir it occasion charm are not to be dismiss .
constant touch , surpris funni , semi-surrealist explor of the creativ act .
the journey is worth your time , especi if you have ellen pompeo sit next to you for the ride .
merci pour le movi .
for everi cheesi scene , though , there is a realli cool bit -- the movi 's concept of a future-world holograph librarian -lrb- orlando jone -rrb- who know everyth and answer all question , is visual smart , clever written , and nice realiz .
what set ms. birot 's film apart from other in the genr is a greater attent to the parent -- and particular the fate father -- in the emot evolut of the two bewitch adolesc .
all three women deliv remark perform .
clair is a terrif role for someon like judd , who realli ought to be play villain .
it 's clear that mehta simpli want to updat her belov genr for the thousand of indian who fanci themselv too sophist for the cheese-lac spectacl that pack em in on the subcontin .
compassion explor the seem irreconcil situat between conserv christian parent and their estrang gay and lesbian children .
the soundtrack alon is worth the price of admiss .
rodriguez doe a splendid job of racial profil hollywood style -- cast excel latin actor of all age -- a trend long overdu .
beneath the film 's obvious determin to shock at ani cost lie consider skill and determin , back by sheer nerv .
bielinski is a filmmak of impress talent .
so beauti act and direct , it 's clear that washington most certain has a new career ahead of him if he so choos .
a visual spectacl full of stun imag and effect .
a gentl and engross charact studi .
it 's enough to watch huppert scheme , with her small , intellig eye as steadi as ani noir villain , and to enjoy the perfect pitch web of tension that chabrol spin .
an engross portrait of uncompromis artist tri to creat someth origin against the backdrop of a corpor music industri that onli seem to care about the bottom line .
a mischiev visual style and oodl of charm make ` cherish ' a veri good -lrb- but not great -rrb- movi .
just as the recent argentin film son of the bride remind us that a feel-good movi can still show real heart , time of favor present us with an action movi that actual has a brain .
-lrb- a -rrb- strong piec of work .
a stir tribut to the braveri and dedic of the world 's report who will walk into the nightmar of war not onli to record the event for poster , but to help us clear see the world of our make .
the import of be earnest , so thick with wit it play like a read from bartlett 's familiar quotat
dare and beauti made .
made for teen and review as such , this is recommend onli for those under 20 year of age ... and then onli as a veri mild rental .
imagin o. henri 's the gift of the magi reloc to the scuzzi underbelli of nyc 's drug scene .
merri friggin ' christma !
the film doe give a pretti good overal pictur of the situat in larami follow the murder of matthew shepard .
both lead perform are oscar-s .
quaid is utter fearless as the tortur husband live a pain lie , and moor wonder underplay the long-suff heroin with an unflapp 50s digniti somewher between jane wyman and june cleaver .
ferrara 's best film in year .
a remark insight look at the backstag angst of the stand-up comic .
noth short of wonder with it ten-year-old femal protagonist and it steadfast refus to set up a dualist battl between good and evil .
davi ' candid , arch funni and deepli authent take on intim relationship come to fruition in her sophomor effort .
it 's more enjoy than i expect , though , and that 's becaus the laugh come from fair basic comed construct .
cinemat pratfal given a work over .
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
match neoreal 's impact by show the human of a war-torn land fill with peopl who just want to live their live .
those moviego who would automat bypass a hip-hop documentari should give `` scratch '' a second look .
baby-fac renner is eerili convinc as this bland blank of a man with unimagin demon within .
romant , rivet and handsom anim .
a compet , unpretenti entertain destin to fill the after-school slot at shop mall theater across the countri .
shot larg in small room , the film has a gentl , unforc intimaci that never becom claustrophob .
where janic beard falter in it recycl aspect , implaus , and sag in pace , it rise in it courag , and comed employ .
byler is too savvi a filmmak to let this morph into a typic romant triangl .
instead , he focus on the anguish that can develop when one mull leav the familiar to travers unchart ground .
mcgrath has deft trim dicken ' wonder sprawl soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cower poverti to courag and happi .
a chanc to see three splendid actor turn a larki chase movi into an emot satisfi explor of the veri human need to be somebodi , and to belong to somebodi .
metaphor abound , but it is easi to take this film at face valu and enjoy it slight humor and tender stori .
as direct by dani kouyat of burkina faso , sia lack visual flair .
but kouyat elicit strong perform from his cast , and he deliv a power commentari on how govern lie , no matter who run them .
the best comedi concert movi i ve seen sinc cho 's previous concert comedi film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 .
broomfield remind us that beneath the hype , the celebr , the high life , the conspiraci and the mysteri there were onc a coupl of bright young men -- promis , talent , charismat and tragic doom .
offer laugh and insight into one of the toughest age a kid can go through .
a percept , good-natur movi .
an amus indict of jaglom 's own profess .
a small movi with a big heart .
huge accomplish slice of hitchcockian suspens .
the formula is familiar but enjoy .
tell a fascin , compel stori .
a triumph , a film that hew out a world and carri us effortless from dark to light .
what begin as a convent thriller evolv into a gorgeous atmospher medit on life-chang chanc encount .
the ladi and the duke is a smart , romant drama that dare to depict the french revolut from the aristocrat ' perspect .
most haunt about `` fenc '' is it conclus , when we hear the ultim fate of these girl and realiz , much to our dismay , that this realli did happen .
noyc 's greatest mistak is think that we need sweep , dramat , hollywood moment to keep us
world travel might not go anywher new , or arriv anyplac special , but it 's certain an honest attempt to get at someth .
there 's much tongu in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmak is have fun with it all .
there 's absolut no reason whi blue crush , a late-summ surfer girl entri , should be as entertain as it is
an action\/thril of the finest kind , evok memori of day of the jackal , the french connect , and heat .
the best movi in mani a moon about the passion that sometim fuel our best achiev and other time leav us strand with noth more than our lesser appetit .
in captur the underst comed agoni of an ever-rumin , genteel yet decad aristocraci that can no longer pay it bill , the film could just as well be address the turn of the 20th centuri into the 21st .
insomnia doe not becom one of those rare remak to eclips the origin , but it doe n't disgrac it , either .
classic cinema serv up with heart and humor
-lrb- stephen -rrb- earnhart 's film is more about the optim of a group of peopl who are struggl to give themselv a better lot in life than the one they current have .
the event of the film are just so weird that i honest never knew what the hell was come next .
nicol holofcen 's love and amaz , from her own screenplay , jump to the head of the class of women 's film that manag to avoid the ghetto of sentiment chick-flick by treat femal folli with a satir style .
that jack nicholson make this man so watchabl is a tribut not onli to his craft , but to his legend .
has a solid emot impact .
success blend satir , high camp and yet anoth sexual taboo into a realli funni movi .
mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooki and overeag as it is spooki and subt in love with myth .
while maintain the appear of clinic object , this sad , occasion horrifi but often inspir film is among wiseman 's warmest .
raimi craft a complic hero who is a welcom relief from the usual two-dimension offer .
an enjoy abov averag summer divers .
there is simpli no doubt that this film ask the right question at the right time in the histori of our countri .
if you ve the patienc , there are great reward here .
as a scienc fiction movi , `` minor report '' astound .
watch e.t now , in an era domin by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganza , one is struck less by it lavish grandeur than by it intimaci and precis .
visual breathtak , viscer excit , and dramat move , it 's the veri definit of epic adventur .
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , liveli and a good deal funnier than his origin .
watch this film , what we feel is n't main suspens or excit .
the domin feel is someth like nostalgia . '
... a great , participatori spectat sport . '
a rather brilliant littl cult item : a pastich of children 's entertain , superhero comic , and japanes anim .
believ so fervent in human that it feel almost anachronist , and it is too cute by half .
but arriv at a particular dark moment in histori , it offer flicker remind of the tie that bind us .
adam sandler !
in an art film !
as avers as i usual am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasi , this one got to me .
stone seem to have a knack for wrap the theater in a cold blanket of urban desper .
... a funni yet dark and seedi clash of cultur and generat .
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolv murder and an unresolv moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
over the year , hollywood has craft a solid formula for success anim movi , and ice age onli improv on it , with terrif comput graphic , invent action sequenc and a droll sens of humor .
like smoke signal , the film is also imbu with strong theme of famili tie and spiritu that are power and move without stoop to base melodrama
one of those movi that make us paus and think of what we have given up to acquir the fast-pac contemporari societi .
one of the most origin american product this year , you ll find yourself rememb this refresh visit to a sunshin state .
meld deriv element into someth that is often quit rich and excit , and alway a beauti to behold .
give everyon someth to shout about .
the entir movi has a truncat feel , but what 's avail is love and lovabl .
-lrb- a -rrb- thought , visual grace work .
admir of director abel ferrara may be reliev that his latest featur , r xmas , mark a modest if encourag return to form .
the slam-bang superhero are kinet enough to engross even the most antsi youngster .
a worthi addit to the cinemat canon , which , at last count , number 52 differ version .
delici mean-spirit and wryli observ .
the kind of primal storytel that georg luca can onli dream of .
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusu crafti and intellig for hollywood horror .
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shine through everi frame .
a solid construct , entertain thriller that stop short of true inspir .
the cast ... keep this pretti watchabl , and cast mick jagger as director of the escort servic was inspir .
an entertain , if somewhat standard , action movi .
it has a dash and resourc hero a lisp , reptilian villain big fight big hair lavish period sceneri and a stori just complic enough to let you bask in your own clever as you figur it out .
an enjoy comedi of lingual and cultur differ ... the chateau is a film -- full of life and small delight -- that has all the wiggl energi of young kitten .
intrigu and downright intox .
an incred thought , deepli medit pictur that neat and effect captur the debilit grief felt in the immedi aftermath of the terrorist attack .
with an obvious rapport with her actor and a strike style behind the camera , helen angel is definit a director to watch .
... could easili be call the best korean film of 2002 .
full of detail about the man and his countri , and is well worth see .
the banter between calvin and his fellow barber feel like a streetwis mclaughlin group ... and never fail to entertain .
thorough engross and ultim tragic .
peter jackson and compani onc again dazzl and delight us , fulfil practic everi expect either a longtim tolkien fan or a movie-go neophyt could want .
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromis , difficult and unbear beauti .
full of bland hotel , highway , park lot , with some glimps of natur and famili warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrap in the maze of modern life .
even with all it botch , enigma offer all the pleasur of a handsom and well-mad entertain .
his work transcend the boy-meets-girl postur of typic love stori .
if the real-lif stori is genuin inspir , the movi stir us as well .
an ebulli tunisian film about the startl transform of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exot world of belli danc .
the dramat crisi doe n't alway succeed in it quest to be taken serious , but huppert 's volatil perform make for a rivet movi experi .
high irrit at first , mr. kouri 's passiv techniqu eventu begin to yield some interest result .
about schmidt belong to nicholson .
gone are the flamboy manner that are the trademark of sever of his perform .
as schmidt , nicholson walk with a slow , deliber gait , choos his word care and subdu his natur exuber .
the powder blue and sun-splash white of tuni make an allur backdrop for this sensuous and spirit tale of a prim widow who find an unlik releas in belly-danc club .
it doe n't make for great cinema , but it is interest to see where one 's imagin will lead when given the opportun .
it 's sober , particular if anyon still think this conflict can be resolv easili , or soon .
if it 's not entir memor , the movi is certain easi to watch .
... by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movi has it audienc giddi with the delight of discoveri , of have been immers in a foreign cultur onli to find that human natur is pretti much the same all over .
best indi of the year , so far .
-lrb- ferrera -rrb- has the charisma of a young woman who know how to hold the screen .
... the plot weav us into a complex web .
do n't judg this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritti stori but it take off in total unexpect direct and keep on go .
in death to smoochi , we do n't get william ' usual tear and a smile , just sneer and bile , and the spectacl is noth short of refresh .
a servic euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sens of humor and plenti of thing that go boom -- handgun , bmws and seasid chateaus .
fortun , ell never get too cloy thank to the actor ' perfect comic time and sweet , genuin chemistri .
if you ve grown tire of go where no man has gone befor , but sever movi have - take heart .
this is the best star trek movi in a long time .
greg kinnear give a mesmer perform as a full-fledg sex addict who is in complet denial about his obsess behavior .
not onli a coming-of-ag stori and cautionari parabl , but also a perfect render period piec .
ou ve got to love a disney pic with as littl cleavag as this one has , and a heroin as feisti and principl as jane .
a funni , triumphant , and move documentari .
lathan and digg carri the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic time that make the more hackney element of the film easier to digest .
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofi , heartfelt , mesmer king lear .
a confluenc of kiddi entertain , sophist wit and symbol graphic design .
gay or straight , kiss jessica stein is one of the greatest date movi in year .
this is a movi full of grace and , ultim , hope .
even better than the first one !
it compel mix of trial movi , escap movi and unexpect fabl ensur the film never feel draggi .
a must see for all side of the polit spectrum
-lrb- reynold -rrb- take a classic stori , cast attract and talent actor and use a magnific landscap to creat a featur film that is wick fun to watch .
there are problem with this film that even 3 oscar winner ca n't overcom , but it 's a nice girl-buddi movi onc it get rock-n-rol .
rich in atmospher of the post-war art world , it manag to instruct without reek of research librari dust .
has the rare capabl to sooth and break your heart with a singl stroke .
it rapid develop into a gut-wrench examin of the way cultur differ and emot expect collid .
though it flirt with batho and patho and the further oprahf of the world as we know it , it still cut all the way down to broken bone .
this humbl littl film , fuel by the light comed work of zhao benshan and the delic way of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviego who complain that ` they do n't make movi like they use to anymor . '
it will break your heart mani time over .
a straight-shoot famili film which award anim the respect they ve rare been given .
overal , interest as a documentari -- but not veri imaxi .
this is one of those war movi that focus on human interact rather than battl and action sequenc ... and it 's all the stronger becaus of it .
`` secretari '' is own by it costar , spader and gyllenha .
maggi g. make an amaz breakthrough in her first star role and eat up the screen .
the film fit into a genr that has been overexpos , redol of a thousand clich , and yet remain uniqu itself , vibrant with origin .
not onli is it a charm , funni and beauti craft import , it use veri littl dialogu , make it relat effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
the kind of sens of humor that deriv from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendr and it attend need to constant draw attent to itself .
too much of storytel move away from solondz 's social critiqu , cast it audienc as that of intellectu lector in contempl of the auteur 's profession injuri .
the stori is virtual imposs to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogu .
the music make a nice album , the food is entic and itali beckon us all .
the film is an earnest tri at beachcomb verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the strike , quiet vulner person of ms. ambros .
the film is small in scope , yet perfect form .
jone has deliv a solid entertain and move famili drama .
happi time maintain an appeal veneer without becom too cute about it .
oliveira seem to pursu silent film represent with everi mourn composit .
one of the pleasur in walter 's documentari ... is the parad of veteran painter , confound dealer , and miscellan boho who expound upon the subject 's mysteri person without ever explain him .
captur all the long , anguish and ach , the confus sexual messag and the wish to be a part of that elus adult world .
he 's the scariest guy you ll see all summer .
`` frailti '' offer chill much like those that you get when sit around a campfir around midnight , tell creepi stori to give each other the willi .
and , there 's no way you wo n't be talk about the film onc you exit the theater .
if i have to choos between gorgeous anim and a lame stori -lrb- like , say , treasur planet -rrb- or so-so anim and an excit , clever stori with a batch of appeal charact , i ll take the latter everi time .
quiet , adult and just about more state than ani contemporari movi this year ... a true studi , a film with a question heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it doe n't have all the answer .
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fair reveal studi of it two main charact -- damaged-good peopl whose orbit will inevit and danger collid .
some of the visual flourish are a littl too obvious , but restrain and subtl storytel , and fine perform make this delic coming-of-ag tale a treat .
it is hard not to be especi grate for freedom after a film like this .
the dirti joke provid the funniest moment in this odd sweet comedi about jokest highway patrolmen .
y tu Mama¡ tambien is hilari , glorious aliv , and quit often hotter than georgia asphalt .
... work on some level and is certain worth see at least onc .
you come away from his film overwhelm , hope and , perhap paradox , illumin .
if the materi is slight and admit manipul , jacquot preserv tosca 's intox ardor through his use of the camera .
thirteen convers about one thing lay out a narrat puzzl that interweav individu stori , and , like a mobius strip , ellipt loop back to where it began .
overal , it 's a wacki and inspir littl film that work effortless at deliv genuin , acerb laugh .
a must for fan of british cinema , if onli becaus so mani titan of the industri are along for the ride .
tsai has manag to creat an underplay melodrama about famili dynam and dysfunct that hark back to the spare , uncheck heartach of yasujiro ozu .
until -lrb- the -rrb- superflu ... epilogu that leak suspens of disbelief like a siev , die anoth day is as stimul & heart-rate-rais as ani jame bond thriller .
it 's a good film , but it fall short of it aspir to be a true ` epic ' .
all the piec fall togeth without much surpris , but littl moment give it a boost .
the beauti of alexand payn 's ode to the everyman is in the detail .
a touch drama about old age and grief with a tour de forc perform by michel piccoli .
the end feel at odd with the rest of the film .
a tone of rueful compass ... reverber throughout this film , whose mean and impact is sad heighten by current world event .
a beauti paean to a time long past .
dens and thought and brim with idea that are too complex to be rapid absorb .
if you thought tom hank was just an ordinari big-screen star , wait until you ve seen him eight stori tall .
with this master , flawless film , -lrb- wang -rrb- emerg in the front rank of china 's now numer , world-renown filmmak .
shyamalan offer copious hint along the way -- myriad sign , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funni surfac is a far bigger , far more meaning stori than one in which littl green men come to earth for harvest purpos .
this film is an act of spiritu faith -- an eloqu , deepli felt medit on the natur of compass .
a differ kind of love stori - one that is dark , disturb , pain to watch , yet compel .
splendid illustr the abil of the human spirit to overcom advers .
a compel , gut-clutch piec of advocaci cinema that carri you along in a torrent of emot as it explor the aw complic of one terrifi day .
she 's as rude and profan as ever , alway hilari and , most of the time , absolut right in her sting social observ .
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daught tale than last summer 's ` divin secret of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not say much .
even befor it build up to it insan stage ballroom scene , in which 3000 actor appear in full regalia , it 's waltz itself into the art film pantheon .
a thought , rever portrait of what is essenti a subcultur , with it own rule regard love and famili , govern and hierarchi .
it seem imposs that an epic four-hour indian music about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
will certain appeal to asian cult cinema fan and asiaphil interest to see what all the fuss is about .
touch smart and wist on a number of theme , not least the notion that the margin member of societi ... might benefit from a help hand and a friend kick in the pant .
a wild entertain scan of evan ' career .
a matur , deepli felt fantasi of a director 's travel through 300 year of russian histori .
bold engin a collis between tawdri b-movi flamboy and grandios spiritu anomi , rose 's film , true to it sourc materi , provid a tenaci demonstr of death as the great equal .
a fine tune mood piec , a model of menac atmospher .
the salton sea has moment of inspir humour , though everi scrap is of the darkest varieti .
both a beauti made natur film and a tribut to a woman whose passion for this region and it inhabit still shine in her quiet blue eye .
although shot with littl style , skin is heartfelt and ach real .
hark back to a time when movi had more to do with imagin than market research .
upset and thought-provok , the film has an odd puriti that doe n't bring you into the charact so much as it has you studi them .
a veri pretti after-school special .
it 's an effort to watch this movi , but it eventu pay off and is effect if you stick with it .
a harrow account of a psycholog breakdown .
continu challeng percept of guilt and innoc , of good guy and bad , and ask us whether a nobl end can justifi evil mean .
it certain wo n't win ani award in the plot depart but it set out with no pretens and deliv big time .
dog soldier doe n't transcend genr -- it embrac it , energ it and take big bloodi chomp out of it .
at onc emot and rich analyt , the cosby-seinfeld encount alon confirm the serious weight behind this superfici loos , larki documentari .
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be deni .
` alic 's adventur through the look glass and into zombie-land ' is fill with strang and wonder creatur .
without -lrb- de niro -rrb- , citi by the sea would slip under the wave .
he drag it back , single-hand .
a good music documentari , probabl one of the best sinc the last waltz .
if the plot seem a bit on the skinni side , that 's becaus panic room is interest in noth more than suck you in ... and make you sweat .
... -lrb- the film -rrb- work , due most to the tongue-in-cheek attitud of the screenplay .
the film becom an overwhelm pleasur , and you find yourself root for gai 's charact to avoid the fate that has befallen everi other carmen befor her .
broomfield has a rather uniqu approach to documentari .
he think the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
at it best when the guard , resent betti and the manipul yet needi margot are front and center .
glorious straight from the vagina .
it 's excess quirki and a littl underconfid in it deliveri , but otherwis this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project sinc christoph walken kinda romanc cyndi lauper in the opportunist .
the film ooz craft .
robinson 's web of suspens match the page-turn frenzi that clanci creat .
manag to be both huge entertain and uplift .
a classic fairi tale that perfect captur the wonder and worri of childhood in a way that few movi have ever approach .
it 's the unsettl imag of a war-ravag land that prove more potent and rivet than the unlik stori of sarah and harrison .
a wonder warm human drama that remain vivid in memori long after view
jaunti fun , with it celeb-strewn backdrop well use .
reco 's fantast perform doe n't exact reveal what make vincent tick , but perhap ani definit explan for it would have felt like a cheat .
washington overcom the script 's flaw and envelop the audienc in his charact 's anguish , anger and frustrat .
the film fearless get under the skin of the peopl involv ... this make it not onli a detail histor document , but an engag and move portrait of a subcultur .
a sear , epic treatment of a nationwid blight that seem to be , horrifi , ever on the rise .
not a film for the faint of heart or conserv of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especi san francisco lover -- it 's a spirit film and a must-se .
read my lip is to be view and treasur for it extraordinari intellig and origin as well as it lyric variat on the game of love .
the color sens of stuart littl 2 is it most immedi and most obvious pleasur , but it would count for veri littl if the movi were n't as beauti shape and as delic calibr in tone as it is .
while -lrb- roman coppola -rrb- score point for style , he stagger in term of stori .
ani movi that make hard work seem heroic deserv a look .
it may not be a huge cut of abov the rest , but i enjoy barbershop .
it 's a funni littl movi with clever dialogu and likeabl charact .
a differ and emot reserv type of surviv stori -- a film less about refract all of world war ii through the specif condit of one man , and more about that man lost in it midst .
it 's sweet , funni , charm , and complet delight .
a perfect compet and often imagin film that lack what littl lilo & stitch had in spade -- charisma .
beauti shot against the frozen winter landscap of grenobl and geneva , the film unfold with all the mount tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedi beneath it all gradual reveal itself .
medem may have disrob most of the cast , leav their bodi expos , but the plot remain as guard as a virgin with a chastiti belt .
that 's whi sex and lucia is so allur .
an eleg work , food of love is as consist engag as it is reveal .
although larg a heavy-hand indict of parent fail and the indiffer of spanish social worker and legal system toward child abus , the film retain ambigu that make it well worth watch .
a behind the scene look at the train and dedic that goe into becom a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a differ to nyc inner-c youth .
a brain twister , less a movie-movi than a funni and weird medit on hollywood , success , artist integr and intellectu bankruptci .
a power , inflammatori film about religion that dare to question an ancient faith , and about hatr that offer no easi , comfort resolut .
in it own flounder way , it get to you .
just like igbi .
return to never land may be anoth shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from babi boomer famili , but it 's not half-bad .
wise and deadpan humor .
god bless crudup and his avers to take the easi hollywood road and cash in on his movie-star gorgeous .
if sign is a good film , and it is , the essenc of a great one is in there somewher .
veteran of the date war will smirk uneasili at the film 's nightmar version of everyday sex-in-the-c misadventur .
schrader examin crane 's declin with unblink candor .
you can watch , giggl and get an adrenalin boost without feel like you ve complet lower your entertain standard .
it thank goe easi on the reel\/real world dichotomi that -lrb- jaglom -rrb- pursu with such enerv determin in venice\/venic .
this rich , bittersweet isra documentari , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his famili , transcend ethnic line .
sensit examin general issu of race and justic among the poor , and specif rais serious question about the death penalti and ask what good the execut of a mental challeng woman could possibl do .
cool gadget and creatur keep this fresh .
not as good as the origin , but what is ...
present a side of contemporari chines life that mani outsid will be surpris to know exist , and doe so with an artistri that also smack of revel .
-lrb- jeff 's -rrb- gorgeous , fluid composit , underlin by neil finn and edmund mcwilliam 's melancholi music , are charg with metaphor , but rare easi , obvious or self-indulg .
engag us in constant fit of laughter , until we find ourselv surpris at how much we care about the stori , and end up walk out not onli satisfi but also somewhat touch .
a bilingu charmer , just like the woman who inspir it
blister rude , scarili funni , sorrow sympathet to the damag it survey , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a divert -- if predict -- adventur suitabl for a matine , with a messag that caution children about disturb the world 's delic ecolog balanc .
what one is left with , even after the most aw act are commit , is an overwhelm sad that feel as if it has made it way into your veri bloodstream .
-lrb- it -rrb- has the feel of a summer popcorn movi .
noth too deep or substanti .
explos , joke , and sexual innuendo abound .
miyazaki 's nonstop imag are so stun , and his imagin so vivid , that the onli possibl complaint you could have about spirit away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
... a delight unpredict , hilari comedi with wonder perform that tug at your heart in way that utter transcend gender label .
assur , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguabl , the most accomplish work to date from hong kong 's versatil stanley kwan .
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilay and sympathet femal charact of the year .
as each of them search for their place in the world , miller dig into their veri mind to find an unblink , flaw human .
a surpris sweet and gentl comedi .
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than ani fiction , bring this unknown slice of histori affect to life .
it 's not particular well made , but sinc i found myself howl more than cring , i 'd say the film work .
but this is lohman 's film .
her perform move between heartbreak and rebellion as she continu tri to accommod to fit in and gain the uncondit love she seek .
though it stori is onli surfac deep , the visual and envelop sound of blue crush make this surpris decent flick worth a summertim look-se .
ryosuk has creat a wri , win , if languid pace , medit on the mean and valu of famili .
sometim charm , sometim infuri , this argentinean ` dramedi ' succeed main on the shoulder of it actor .
you may feel compel to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
often shock but ultim worthwhil explor of motherhood and desper mother .
a venturesom , beauti realiz psycholog mood piec that reveal it first-tim featur director 's understand of the express power of the camera .
like the rugrat movi , the wild thornberri movi doe n't offer much more than the seri , but it emphasi on care for anim and respect other cultur is particular welcom .
taken outsid the context of the current polit climat -lrb- see : terrorist are more evil than ever ! -rrb-
, the sum of all fear is simpli a well-mad and satisfi thriller .
the set is so cool that it chill the charact , reduc our emot stake in the outcom of `` intacto 's '' danger and seduct stylish game .
a love and beauti photograph romanc .
one of the most splendid entertain to emerg from the french film industri in year .
it vision of that awkward age when sex threaten to overwhelm everyth els is acut enough to make everyon who has been there squirm with recognit .
for almost the first two-third of martin scorses 's 168-minut gang of new york , i was entranc .
open-end and compos of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephil 's feast , an invit to countless interpret .
one of the most slyli exquisit anti-adult movi ever made .
what make esther kahn so demand is that it progress in such a low-key manner that it risk monotoni .
but it 's worth the concentr .
neither the funniest film that eddi murphi nor robert de niro has ever made , showtim is nevertheless effici amus for a good while .
befor it collaps into exact the kind of buddi cop comedi it set out to lampoon , anyway .
a clever script and skill actor bring new energi to the familiar topic of offic polit .
the determin of pinochet 's victim to seek justic , and their often heartbreak testimoni , spoken direct into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a power emot wallop .
disney aficionado will notic distinct parallel between this stori and the 1971 music `` bedknob and broomstick , '' which also dealt with british children rediscov the power of fantasi dure wartim .
it 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still commit to growth in his ninth decad , chang while remain true to his principl with a film whose veri subject is , quit point , about the peril of such effort .
dark and unrepent , this excurs into the epicent of percol mental instabl is not easili dismiss or forgotten .
it 's a rollick adventur for you and all your matey , regardless of their age .
boast a hand of virtuos set piec and offer a fair amount of trashi , kinki fun .
... myer has turn his franchis into the movi version of an adolesc dirty-jok book done up in post-tarantino pop-cultur riff ... if you re down for a silli hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x.
this is a veri ambiti project for a fair inexperienc filmmak , but good actor , good poetri and good music help sustain it .
the modern master of the chase sequenc return with a chase to end all chase
the messi emot rage throughout this three-hour effort are instant recogniz , allow the film to paradox feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
... either you re will to go with this claustrophob concept or you re not .
just watch bettani strut his stuff .
you ll know a star when you see one .
austin power in goldmemb is a cinemat car wreck , a catastroph collis of tasteless and gall that nevertheless will leav fan clamor for anoth ride .
you can fire a torpedo through some of clanci 's hole , and the scripter do n't deserv ani oscar .
but the nerve-rak act , the crackl of line , the impress stage of hardwar , make for some robust and scari entertain .
contrast the origin ringu with the current american adapt is akin to compar the evil dead with evil dead ii
a small gem of a movi that defi classif and is as thought-provok as it is funni , scari and sad .
for a long time the film succeed with it dark , delic treatment of these charact and it uner respect for them .
it 's the kind of effect creepy-scari thriller that has you fixat on a far corner of the screen at time becaus your nerv just ca n't take it ani more .
late marriag is an in-your-fac famili drama and black comedi that is fill with raw emot convey despair and love .
an ambiti and move but bleak film .
it 's too harsh to work as a piec of storytel , but as an intellectu exercis -- an unpleas debat that 's been given the drive of a narrat and that 's been act out -- the believ is noth less than a provoc piec of work .
it 's sweet .
it 's funni .
it wear it heart on the sleev of it gaudi hawaiian shirt .
and , thank to the presenc of ` the king , ' it also rock .
it 's never laugh-out-loud funni , but it is frequent amus .
a bittersweet film , simpl in form but rich with human event .
the unexplor stori opportun of `` punch-drunk love '' may have work against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interest exercis by talent writer\/director anderson .
`` punch-drunk love '' is a littl like a chocol milk moustach ...
... dig beyond the usual portray of good kid and bad seed to reveal a more ambival set of charact and motiv .
the beauti of the piec is that it count heart as import as humor .
pierc affect ... while clear a manipul film , emerg as power rather than cloy .
veri amus , not the usual rout in a thriller , and the perform are odd and pixil and sometim both .
while the frequent allus to gurus and dosha will strike some western as verg on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streak of common sens emerg with unimpeach clariti .
the cast is phenomen , especi the women .
a marvel of product design .
the byplay and bicker between the now spy-savvi sibl , carmen -lrb- vega -rrb- and juni -lrb- sabara -rrb- cortez , anchor the film in a veri real and amus give-and-tak .
good actor have a radar for juici role -- there 's a plethora of charact in this pictur , and not one of them is flat .
though in some way similar to catherin breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .
is not so much a work of entertain as it is a uniqu , well-craft psycholog studi of grief .
remark for it excel storytel , it econom , compress characteris and for it profound human , it 's an adventur stori and histori lesson all in one .
color , energet and sweet whimsic ... the rare sequel that 's better than it predecessor .
reno himself can take credit for most of the movi 's success .
he 's one of the few ` cool ' actor who never seem awar of his own cool .
signific better than it 2002 children 's - movi competit .
ub equal spoof and celebr the more outr aspect of ` black cultur ' and the dorkier aspect of ` white cultur , ' even as it point out how insepar the two are .
a lot smarter than your averag bond .
... bright , intellig , and human funni film .
pain , horrifi and oppress tragic , this film should not be miss .
part of the film 's cheeki charm come from it vintag schmaltz .
so uniqu and stubborn and charismat that you want it to be better and more success than it is .
i wo n't argu with anyon who call ` slacker ' dumb , insult , or childish ... but i laugh so much that i did n't mind .
it arriv with an impecc pedigre , mongrel pep , and almost indecipher plot complic .
so fiendish cun that even the most jade cinema audienc will leav the auditorium feel dizzi , confus , and total disorient .
not to mention absolut refresh .
a vibrant , color , semimus rendit .
the film sometim flag ... but there is enough secondari action to keep thing move along at a brisk , amus pace .
it 's a drawl , slobber , lovabl run-on sentenc of a film , a southern gothic with the emot arc of it raw blue soundtrack .
nolan prove that he can cross sword with the best of them and helm a more tradit plot popcorn thriller while surrend littl of his intellectu rigor or creativ composur .
it is differ from other in it genr in that it is doe not reli on dumb gag , anatom humor , or charact clich it primarili reli on charact to tell it stori .
both a success adapt and an enjoy film in it own right .
all the filmmak are ask of us , is to believ in someth that is improb .
if the veri concept make you nervous ... you ll have an idea of the film 's creepi , scari effect .
worth a look by those on both side of the issu , if onli for the perspect it offer , one the public rare see .
a most believ , refresh low-key and quiet inspir littl sport drama .
may be more genial than ingeni , but it get the job done .
a stylish cast and some clever script solut help chicago make the transit from stage to screen with consider appeal intact .
exhilar , funni and fun .
while not quit `` shrek '' or `` monster , inc. '' , it 's not too bad .
it 's worth take the kid to .
in the end there is one word that best describ this film : honest .
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremi renner , have made a remark film that explor the monster 's psycholog not in order to excus him but rather to demonstr that his patholog evolv from human impuls that grew hideous twist .
the action sequenc are fun and reminisc of combat scene from the star war seri .
norton is magnet as graham .
savvi director robert j. siegel and his co-writ keep the stori subtl and us in suspens .
it pull the rug out from under you , just when you re readi to hate one charact , or realli sympath with anoth charact , someth happen to send you off in differ direct .
twenti year after it first releas , e.t. remain the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasi -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .
it say a lot about a filmmak when he can be wacki without clobber the audienc over the head and still maintain a sens of urgenc and suspens .
give us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been proper digest .
it 's an exhilar place to visit , this laboratori of laughter .
`` simon '' is a fun and funki look into an artifici creation in a world that thrive on artifici .
a great companion piec to other napoleon film .
to some eye this will seem like a recycl of clich , an assassin 's greatest hit .
to other , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still aliv and kick .
at the end of the movi , my 6-year-old nephew said , `` i guess i come from a broken famili , and my uncl are all alien , too . ''
congrat disney on a job well done , i enjoy it just as much !
a remark allur film set in the constrict eisenhow era about one suburban woman 's yearn in the face of a loss that shatter her cheeri and tranquil suburban life .
berl and beart ... continu to impress , and isabell huppert ... again show uncanni skill in get under the skin of her charact .
uplift , funni and wise .
remark for it intellig and intens .
the hypnot imageri and fragmentari tale explor the connect between place and person ident .
brosnan is more feral in this film than i ve seen him befor and hall berri doe her best to keep up with him .
a film that begin with the everyday live of naval personnel in san diego and end with scene so true and heartbreak that tear well up in my eye both time i saw the film .
`` on guard ! ''
wo n't be place in the pantheon of the best of the swashbuckl but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actor , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
the movi start with a legend and end with a stori that is so far-fetch it would be imposs to believ if it were n't true .
this is the stuff that disney movi are made of .
like all great film about a life you never knew exist , it offer much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
that the e-graveyard hold as mani good idea as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serv up with style and empathi .
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attent span that we did at seventeen , we had no troubl sit for blade ii .
like a poor man 's you can count on me
... a solid , unassum drama .
a seriocom debut of extravag promis by georgian-isra director dover kosashvili .
thank to ice cube , benjamin feel an aw lot like friday in miami .
the real star of this movi is the score , as in the song translat well to film , and it 's realli well direct .
it 's rare to find a film to which the adject ` gentl ' appli , but the word perfect describ paulin & paulett .
my wife is an actress has it moment in look at the comic effect of jealousi .
in the end , though , it is onli mild amus when it could have been so much more .
both garcia and jagger turn in perfect execut and wonder sympathet charact , who are altern touch and funni .
humor , artsi , and even cute , in an off-kilt , dark , vagu disturb way .
the more you think about the movi , the more you will probabl like it .
... a power sequel and one of the best film of the year .
for the most part , the film doe hold up pretti well .
togeth -lrb- time out and human resourc -rrb- establish mr. cantet as franc 's foremost cinemat poet of the workplac .
you can take the grandkid or the grandpar and never worri about anyon be bore ... audienc is a sea of constant smile and frequent laughter .
like these russo guy lookin ' for their mamet instead found their sturg .
there has been a string of ensembl cast romanc recent ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money set itself apart by form a chain of relationship that come full circl to end on a posit -lrb- if tragic -rrb- note .
by appli definit to both side of the man , the pictur realiz a full that doe not negat the subject .
who is the audienc for cleti tout ?
anybodi who enjoy quirki , fun , popcorn movi with a touch of silli and a littl bloodsh .
-lrb- cuaron has -rrb- creat a substant movi out of sever clich movi structur : the road movi , the coming-of-ag movi , and the teenag sex comedi .
put to rest ani thought that the german film industri can not make a delight comedi center on food .
witti dialog between realist charact show honest emot .
it 's touch and tender and prove that even in sorrow you can find humor .
like blend shade of lipstick , these compon combin into one terrif stori with lot of laugh .
ash wednesday is not edward burn ' best film , but it is a good and ambiti film .
and it mark him as one of the most interest writer\/director work today .
after one get the feel that the typic hollywood disregard for histor truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of find entertain in the experi of zish and the fieri presenc of hanussen .
the footag of the rapper at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the element that will grab you .
... it 's as comprehens as ani dummi guid , someth even non-techi can enjoy .
do n't wait to see this terrif film with your kid -- if you do n't have kid borrow some .
moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recogn that there are few thing in this world more complex -- and , as it turn out , more fragil -- than happi .
the movi 's captiv detail are all in the perform , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewli 's smooth sinist freddi and bettany\/mcdowel 's hard-ey gangster .
featur fincher 's characterist startl visual style and an almost palpabl sens of intens .
precoci smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggl to rebel against his oppress , right-w , propriety-obsess famili .
anyon els seen this befor ?
moor provid an invalu servic by spark debat and encourag thought .
better still , he doe all of this , and more , while remain one of the most savag hilari social critic this side of jonathan swift .
altern between faceti comic parodi and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movi ... toss around some intrigu question about the differ between human and android life .
a cutesi romant tale with a twist .
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
delight your sens and crash this wed !
a brutal dri satir of middl american numb .
more sophist and liter than such pictur usual are ... an amus littl catch .
smith examin the intim , unguard moment of folk who live in unusu home -- which pop up in near everi corner of the countri .
with an admir dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , make his directori featur debut , doe strong , measur work .
a compel french psycholog drama examin the encount of an aloof father and his chilli son after 20 year apart .
... even if you ve never heard of chaplin , you ll still be glu to the screen .
you have enough fine tune act to compens for the movi 's fail .
as the domin christin , sylvi testud is icili brilliant .
although tender and touch , the movi would have benefit from a littl more dramat tension and some more edit .
the stori that emerg has element of romanc , tragedi and even silent-movi comedi .
-lrb- `` safe conduct '' -rrb- is a long movi at 163 minut but it fill the time with drama , romanc , tragedi , braveri , polit intrigu , partisan and sabotag .
viva le resist !
it offer a glimps of the solomon decis face jewish parent in those turbul time : to save their children and yet to lose them .
the film is delic narrat by martin landau and direct with sensit and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .
martyr get royal screw and come back for more .
a virtual roller-coast ride of glamour and sleaz .
an admir , sometim except film
if you like an extrem action-pack film with a hint of humor , then tripl x mark the spot .
if you re the kind of parent who enjoy intent introduc your kid to film which will caus load of irrepar damag that year and year of cost analysi could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia
may not be a breakthrough in filmmak , but it is unwav and arrest .
the film 's imag give a backbon to the compani and provid an emot edg to it ultim demis .
a bodice-ripp for intellectu .
the locat go from stark desert to gorgeous beach .
the stori play out slowli , but the charact are intrigu and realist .
count on his movi to work at the back of your neck long after you leav the theater .
neil burger here succeed in ... make the mysteri of four decad back the springboard for a more immedi mysteri in the present .
the complex , polit charg tapestri of contemporari chines life this excit new filmmak has brought to the screen is like noth we western have seen befor .
a thriller made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .
tri as you might to scrutin the ethic of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all come togeth to creat a veri compel , sensit , intellig and almost cohes piec of film entertain .
as quiet , patient and tenaci as mr. lopez himself , who approach his difficult , endless work with remark seren and disciplin .
though the film never veer from it comic cours , it unintent parallel might inadvert evok memori and emot which are anyth but humor .
evok the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` hous of game '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun .
so origin in it base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
it may be a no-brain , but at least it 's a funni no-brain .
a lot more dimension and complex than it sunni disposit would lead you to believ .
jeff has creat a breathtak assur and stylish work of spare dialogu and acut express .
underachiev onli in not take the shakespear parallel quit far enough .
the most audaci , outrag , sexual explicit , psycholog probe , pure libido film of the year has arriv from portug .
the creativ anim work may not look as fulli ` render ' as pixar 's industri standard , but it use light effect and innov background to an equal impress degre .
art-hous to the core , read my lip is a genre-curl crime stori that reviv the free-wheel noir spirit of old french cinema .
grant is certain amus , but the veri hollow of the charact he play keep him at arm length
conceptu brilliant ... play like a living-room war of the world , gain most of it unsettl forc from the suggest and the unknown .
... manag to deliv a fair bit of vampir fun .
drama of temptat , salvat and good intent is a thought examin of faith , love and power .
the strength of the film come not from ani cinemat razzle-dazzl but from it recoveri of an histor episod that , in the simpl tell , prove simultan harrow and uplift .
the perform are strong , though the subject matter demand act that border on hammi at time .
a damn fine and a truli distinct and a deepli pertin film .
still raptur after all these year , cinema paradiso stand as one of the great film about movi love .
reggio and glass put on an intox show .
macdowel ... give give a solid , anguish perform that eclips near everyth els she 's ever done .
the thing about guy like evan is this : you re never quit sure where self-promot end and the truth begin .
but as you watch the movi , you re too interest to care .
i like a lot of the smaller scene .
the film will appeal to discoveri channel fan and will sure widen the perspect of those of us who see the contin through rose-color glass .
an eye-boggl blend of psychedel devic , special effect and background , ` spi kid 2 ' is a visual treat for all audienc .
straightforward and old-fashion in the best possibl sens of both those word , possess is a movi that put itself squar in the servic of the lover who inhabit it .
it may ... work as a jaunt down memori lane for teen and young adult who grew up on televis scooby-doo show or rerun .
one of those movi that catch you up in someth bigger than yourself , name , an archetyp desir to enjoy good trash everi now and then .
this harrow journey into combat hell vivid captur the chaotic insan and person tragedi that are all too abund when human hatr spew forth uncheck .
far more success , if consider less ambiti , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercis .
ell build gradual until you feel fulli embrac by this gentl comedi .
a fascin examin of the joyous , turbul self-discoveri made by a proper , middle-ag woman .
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has someth a littl more special behind it : music that did n't sell mani record but help chang a nation .
buy popcorn .
take noth serious and enjoy the ride .
carri off a spot-on scottish burr , duval -lrb- also a produc -rrb- peel layer from this charact that may well not have exist on paper .
the act , for the most part , is terrif , although the actor must struggl with the fact that they re play charact who sometim feel more like literari conceit than flesh-and-blood human .
some bodi will take you place you have n't been , and also place you have .
veret has a whip-smart sens of narrat bluff .
part of the film feel a bit too much like an infomerci for ram dass 's latest book aim at the boomer demograph .
but most it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intellig , captur a life interest live .
were it not for a sentiment resolut that explain way more about cal than doe the movi or the charact ani good , freundlich 's world travel might have been one of the more dare and surpris american movi of the year .
`` home movi '' is the film equival of a love render coffe tabl book .
graphic sex may be what 's attract audienc to unfaith , but grip perform by lane and gere are what will keep them awak .
when compar to the usual , more somber festiv entri , davi ' high person brand of romant comedi is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stand out from the pack even if the pictur itself is somewhat problemat .
both damn and damn compel .
much has been written about those year when the psychedel 60s groov over into the gay 70s , but word do n't realli do the era justic .
you have to see it .
even if it push it agenda too forc , this remain a film about someth , one that attempt and often achiev a level of connect and concern .
what lift the film high abov run-of-the-filth gangster flick is it refus to recognis ani of the signpost , as if discov a way through to the bitter end without a map .
both an admir reconstruct of terribl event , and a fit memori to the dead of that day , and of the thousand thereaft .
a sli dissect of the inan of the contemporari music busi and a rather sad stori of the difficulti of artist collabor .
the uniqu nich of self-crit , behind-the-scen navel-gaz kaufman has carv from orlean ' stori and his own infinit insecur is a work of outstand origin .
love photograph in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart littl 2 manag sweet larg without sticki .
consist clever and suspens .
it 's like a `` big chill '' reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , onli these guy are more harmless prankster than polit activist .
the stori give ampl opportun for large-scal action and suspens , which director shekhar kapur suppli with tremend skill .
fresnadillo has someth serious to say about the way in which extravag chanc can distort our perspect and throw us off the path of good sens .
throw in enough clever and unexpect twist to make the formula feel fresh .
weighti and ponder but everi bit as fill as the treat of the titl .
a real audience-pleas that will strike a chord with anyon who 's ever wait in a doctor 's offic , emerg room , hospit bed or insur compani offic .
generat an enorm feel of empathi for it charact .
expos the way we fool ourselv is one hour photo 's real strength .
it 's up to you to decid whether to admir these peopl 's dedic to their caus or be repel by their dogmat , manipul and narrow , fear view of american life .
most , -lrb- goldbach -rrb- just let her complic charact be unruli , confus and , through it all , human .
... quit good at provid some good old fashion spook .
at it worst , the movi is pretti divert the piti is that it rare achiev it best .
scherfig 's light-heart profil of emot desper is ach honest and delight cheeki .
a journey span near three decad of bittersweet camaraderi and histori , in which we feel that we truli know what make holli and marina tick , and our heart go out to them as both continu to negoti their imperfect , love-h relationship .
the wonder lush morvern callar is pure punk existenti , and ms. ramsay and her co-writ , liana dognini , have dramat the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvin welsh 's book trainspot .
as it turn out , you can go home again .
you ve alreadi seen citi by the sea under a varieti of titl , but it 's worth yet anoth visit .
this kind of hands-on storytel is ultim what make shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dri , reliabl textbook and what allow it to rank with it worthi predecessor .
make such a tragedi the backdrop to a love stori risk trivial it , though chouraqui no doubt intend the film to affirm love 's power to help peopl endur almost unimagin horror .
grown-up quibbl are besid the point here .
the littl girl understand , and mccracken know that 's all that matter .
a power , chill , and affect studi of one man 's die fall .
this is a fascin film becaus there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
a dread day in irish histori is given passion , if somewhat flaw , treatment .
... a good film that must have baffl the folk in the market depart .
... is funni in the way that make you ach with sad -lrb- the way chekhov is funni -rrb- , profound without ever be self-import , warm without ever succumb to sentiment .
devote of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nag sens of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generat episod is lack .
a soul-stir documentari about the israeli\/palestinian conflict as reveal through the eye of some children who remain curious about each other against all odd .
what 's so strike about joli 's perform is that she never let her charact becom a caricatur -- not even with that radioact hair .
the main stori ... is compel enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoy of that chatti fish .
the perform are immacul , with roussillon provid comic relief .
kinnear ... give his best screen perform with an odd win portray of one of life 's ultim loser .
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charm than in about a boy .
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger .
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intellig that permeat the script .
reminisc of alfr hitchcock 's thriller , most of the scari part in ` sign ' occur while wait for thing to happen .
one of the best look and stylish anim movi in quit a while ...
it use of the thriller form to examin the labyrinthin way in which peopl 's live cross and chang , buffet by event seem out of their control , is intrigu , provoc stuff .
denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant perform of vanessa redgrav 's career .
it deserv to be seen everywher .
you need n't be steep in 50s sociolog , pop cultur or movi lore to appreci the emot depth of hayn ' work .
though hayn ' style ape film from the period ... it messag is not root in that decad .
wait for godard can be fruit : ` in prais of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .
a gangster movi with the capac to surpris .
the film has a laundri list of minor shortcom , but the numer scene of gori mayhem are worth the price of admiss ... if `` gori mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
goldmemb is funni enough to justifi the embarrass of bring a barf bag to the moviehous .
... a fair dispos yet still entertain b pictur .
it may not be particular innov , but the film 's crisp , unaffect style and air of gentl long make it unexpect reward .
the film truli doe rescu -lrb- the funk brother -rrb- from motown 's shadow .
it 's about time .
draw on an irresist , languid romantic , byler reveal the way in which a sultri even or a beer-fuel afternoon in the sun can inspir even the most retir heart to ventur forth .
work becaus we re never sure if ohling 's on the level or mere a die , delusion man tri to get into the histori book befor he croak .
-lrb- scherfig -rrb- has made a movi that will leav you wonder about the charact ' live after the clever credit roll .
a headi , bite , be-bop ride through nighttim manhattan , a loquaci videologu of the modern male and the length to which he ll go to weav a protect cocoon around his own ego .
skin of man get a few cheap shock from it kids-in-peril theatric , but it also tap into the primal fear of young peopl tri to cope with the mysteri and brutal natur of adult .
the piano teacher is not an easi film .
it forc you to watch peopl do unpleas thing to each other and themselv , and it maintain a cool distanc from it materi that is deliber unsettl .
as refresh as a drink from a woodland stream .
william absolut nail sy 's queasi infatu and overal strang .
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-character as a telephon book but still say it was a guilti pleasur ?
while it 's noth we have n't seen befor from murphi , i spi is still fun and enjoy and so aggress silli that it 's more than a worthwhil effort .
by the time it end in a rush of sequin , flashbulb , blare brass and back-stab babe , it has said plenti about how show busi has infiltr everi corner of societi -- and not alway for the better .
an intim contempl of two marvel messi live .
rare has skin look as beauti , desir , even delect , as it doe in troubl everi day .
this is one of those rare doc that paint a grand pictur of an era and make the journey feel like a parti .
poignant if familiar stori of a young person suspend between two cultur .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china search for it ident .
for all it brood qualiti , ash wednesday is suspens and ultim unpredict , with a sterl ensembl cast .
an odd drama set in the world of lingeri model and bar dancer in the midwest that held my interest precis becaus it did n't tri to .
the film feel uncomfort real , it languag and locat bear the unmistak stamp of author .
despit it fault , gang excel in spectacl and pace .
entertain despit it one-jok premis with the thesi that women from venus and men from mar can inde get togeth .
a tight direct , high profession film that 's old-fashion in all the best possibl way .
it 's dark but has wonder funni moment you care about the charact and the action and special effect are first-rat .
in visual fertil treasur planet rival the top japanes anim of recent vintag .
enorm enjoy , high-adrenalin documentari .
buy is an accomplish actress , and this is a big , juici role .
it work it magic with such exuber and passion that the film 's length becom a part of it fun .
beauti craft and brutal honest , promis offer an unexpect window into the complex of the middl east struggl and into the human of it peopl .
an old-fashion but emot stir adventur tale of the kind they rare make anymor .
charlott sometim is a gem .
it 's alway enthral .
in my opinion , analyz that is not as funni or entertain as analyz this , but it is a respect sequel .
a remark film by bernard rose .
zhuangzhuang creat delic balanc of style , text , and subtext that 's so simpl and precis that anyth discord would toppl the balanc , but against all odd , noth doe .
a much more success translat than it most famous previous film adapt , writer-director anthoni friedman 's similar updat 1970 british product .
an origin and high cerebr examin of the psychopath mind
michel piccoli 's move perform is this film reason for be .
a captiv and intim studi about die and love ...
this is an eleg balanc movi -- everi member of the ensembl has someth fascin to do -- that doe n't reveal even a hint of artific .
-lrb- grant -rrb- goe beyond his usual flutter and stammer and captur the soul of a man in pain who gradual come to recogn it and deal with it .
a high-spirit buddi movi about the reunion of berlin anarchist who face arrest 15 year after their crime .
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid littl genr pictur .
whether you like it or not is basic a matter of tast .
an involv , inspir drama that sometim fall prey to it sob-stori trap .
some of the most invent silli you are like to wit in a movi theatr for some time .
canadian filmmak gari burn ' invent and mordant humor take on the soulless of work in the citi .
a rollick ride , with jaw-drop action sequenc , strike villain , a gorgeous color palett , astound technolog , stir music and a boffo last hour that lead up to a strang sinist happi end .
everyon 's insecur in love and amaz , a poignant and wryli amus film about mother , daughter and their relationship .
the closest thing to the experi of space travel
connoisseur of chines film will be pleas to discov that tian 's meticul talent has not wither dure his enforc hiatus .
if you can push on through the slow spot , you ll be reward with some fine act .
an unusu dry-ey , even analyt approach to materi that is general play for maximum moistur .
symbol , warm water under a red bridg is a celebr of feminin energi , a tribut to the power of women to heal .
spi kid 2 also happen to be that rariti among sequel : it actual improv upon the origin hit movi .
except well act by dian lane and richard gere .
like a precious and fine cut diamond , magnific to behold in it sparkl beauti yet in realiti it 's one tough rock .
in addit to score high for origin of plot -- put togeth familiar theme of famili , forgiv and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other asset to commend it to movi audienc both innoc and jade .
miller has craft an intrigu stori of matern instinct and misguid act of affect .
one of the most excit action film to come out of china in recent year .
this is a nervi , riski film , and villeneuv has inspir croze to give herself over complet to the torment persona of bibi .
my littl eye is the best littl `` horror '' movi i ve seen in year .
tunney , brim with coltish , neurot energi , hold the screen like a true star .
even if the naipaul origin remain the real masterpiec , the movi possess it own languor charm .
-lrb- the film -rrb- tackl the topic of relationship in such a straightforward , emot honest manner that by the end , it 's imposs to ascertain whether the film is , at it core , deepli pessimist or quiet hope .
sometim we feel as if the film careen from one color event to anoth without respit , but sometim it must have seem to frida kahlo as if her life did , too .
the strength of the film lie in it two central perform by sven wollter as the stricken compos and viveka seldahl as his desper violinist wife .
like the seri , the movi is funni , smart , visual invent , and most of all , aliv .
it was fill with shoot , beat , and more cuss than you could shake a stick at .
you do n't know whether to admir the film 's state natur and call it classic or be exasper by a notic lack of pace .
or both .
sure , i hate myself in the morn .
but then again , i hate myself most morn .
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damn .
time out is as serious as a pink slip .
and more than that , it 's an observ , unfussili poetic medit about ident and alien .
will assur rank as one of the cleverest , most decept amus comedi of the year .
maryam is a small film , but it offer larg reward .
a high watchabl , gigg littl stori with a sweet edg to it .
the most consist funni of the austin power film .
ana 's journey is not a stereotyp one of self-discoveri , as she 's alreadi comfort enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesqu physiqu ...
cockett has the glorious , gaudi benefit of much stock footag of those day , featur all manner of drag queen , beard ladi and lactat hippi .
there 's someth poignant about an artist of 90-plus year take the effort to share his impress of life and loss and time and art with us .
the comedi make social commentari more palat .
an ideal love stori for those intoler of the more common saccharin genr .
one funni popcorn flick .
this new zealand coming-of-ag movi is n't realli about anyth .
when it 's this rich and luscious , who care ?
tulli is worth a look for it true-to-lif charact , it sensit act , it unadorn view of rural life and the subtl direct of first-tim hilari birmingham .
this gorgeous epic is guarante to lift the spirit of the whole famili .
the wild thornberri movi is pleasant enough and the messag of our close tie with anim can certain not be emphas enough .
william creat a stun , taxi driver-esqu portray of a man teeter on the edg of saniti .
if you re in the right b-movi frame of mind , it may just scare the pant off you .
a movi of rivet power and sad .
both a detect stori and a romanc spice with the intrigu of academ skullduggeri and polit .
ludicr , but director carl franklin add enough flourish and freak-out to make it entertain .
director roger kumbl offer just enough sweet and tradit romant comedi to counter the cruditi .
and there 's the inimit diaz , hold it all togeth .
spielberg 's pictur is smarter and subtler than -lrb- total recal and blade runner -rrb- , although it plot may prove too convolut for fun-seek summer audienc .
it 's got all the familiar bruckheim element , and schumach doe probabl as good a job as anyon at bring off the hopkins\/rock collis of act style and onscreen persona .
a grittili beauti film that look , sound , and feel more like an extend , open-end poem than a tradit structur stori .
the product valu are of the highest and the perform attract without be memor .
a well-round tribut to a man whose achiev -- and complex -- reach far beyond the end zone .
fine craft , fine written , exquisit perform
ramsay and morton fill this charact studi with poetic forc and buoyant feel .
this submarin drama earn the right to be favor compar to das boot .
claud chabrol 's camera has a way of gentl sway back and forth as it cradl it charact , veil tension beneath otherwis tender movement .
there 's a great deal of corni dialogu and preposter moment .
and yet , it still work .
the film was immens enjoy thank to great perform by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ...
like mani western action film , this thriller is too loud and thorough overbear , but it heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's futur add a much need moral weight .
special p.o.v. camera mount on bike , skateboard , and motorcycl provid an intens experi when splash across the immens imax screen .
mike white 's deft combin of serious subject matter and dark , funni humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watch .
this is a shrewd and effect film from a director who understand how to creat and sustain a mood .
meant to reduc blake 's philosophi into a tragic coming-of-ag saga punctuat by burst of anim todd mcfarlan 's superhero dystopia .
assaya ' ambiti , sometim beauti adapt of jacqu chardonn 's novel .
as ex-marin walter , who may or may not have shot kennedi , actor raymond j. barri is perfect creepi and believ .
those who do n't entir ` get ' godard 's distinct discours will still come away with a sens of his reserv but existenti poignanc .
pete 's screenplay manag to find that real natur , even-flow tone that few movi are abl to accomplish .
like brosnan 's perform , evelyn come from the heart .
it use some of the figur from the real-lif stori to portray themselv in the film .
the result is a power , natur dramat piec of low-budget filmmak .
it spirit of iconoclast abandon -- howev can -- make for unexpect giddi view .
the earli and middl passag are surpris in how much they engag and even touch us .
this is not a classic dramat anim featur , nor a hip , contemporari , in-jokey one .
it 's sort of in-between , and it work .
this quiet , introspect and entertain independ is worth seek .
whether our action-and-popcorn obsess cultur will embrac this engag and liter psychodrama is n't much of a mysteri , unfortun .
whether or not ram dass prove as clear and reliabl an author on that as he was about inner conscious , fierc grace reassur us that he will onc again be an honest and love one .
sli , sophist and surpris .
spare but quiet effect retel .
demonstr a vivid imagin and an impress style that result in some terrif setpiec .
by it modest , straight-ahead standard , undisput score a direct hit .
it stori about a young chines woman , ah na , who has come to new york citi to replac past tragedi with the american dream is one that ani art-hous moviego is like to find compel .
for those who like quirki , slight strang french film , this is a must !
there are so few film about the plight of american indian in modern america that skin come as a welcom , if downbeat , missiv from a forgotten front .
-lrb- shyamalan -rrb- continu to cut a swath through mainstream hollywood , while retain an integr and refus to compromis his vision .
a whale of a good time for both children and parent seek christian-them fun .
what begin as a film in the tradit of the graduat quick switch into someth more recycl than signific .
much smarter and more attent than it first set out to be .
the stori is smart and entir charm in intent and execut .
a movi of technic skill and rare depth of intellect and feel .
repres a worthi departur from the cultur clash comedi that have mark an emerg indian american cinema .
doe n't do more than expand a tv show to movi length .
howev , it 's pleasant enough and it ecolog , pro-wildlif sentiment are certain welcom .
if you re look for an intellig movi in which you can releas your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .
a point , often tender , examin of the pros and con of uncondit love and famili duti .
as well-act and well-intent as all or noth is , howev , the film come peril close to be too bleak , too pessimist and too unflinch for it own good .
a comedy-drama of near epic proport root in a sincer perform by the titl charact undergo midlif crisi .
it 's about issu most adult have to face in marriag and i think that 's what i like about it -- the real issu tuck between the silli and crude storylin .
eleg produc and express perform , the six music number crystal key plot moment into minut detail wonder of dreamlik ecstasi .
enrich by a strong and unforc support cast .
writer \/ director m. night shyamalan 's abil to pull togeth easili access stori that reson with profund is undeni .
if you can keep your eye open amid all the blood and gore , you ll see del toro has brought unexpect graviti to blade ii .
not a strike against yang 's similar theme yi yi , but i found what time ?
to be more engag on an emot level , funnier , and on the whole less detach .
a breathtak adventur for all age , spirit tell it poignant and uplift stori in a stun fusion of music and imag .
a charm and funni stori of clash cultur and a clash mother\/daught relationship .
never let go your emot , take them to surpris high , sorrow low and hidden impuls nich ... gorgeous , passion , and at time uncommon move .
`` ... someth appear to have been lost in the translat this time .
the import of be earnest movi seem to be miss a great deal of the acerb reparte of the play . ''
-lrb- washington 's -rrb- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good tast are reflect in almost everi scene .
shiner can certain go the distanc , but is n't world championship materi
the film 's desir to be like sometim undermin the possibl for an explor of the thornier aspect of the nature\/nurtur argument in regard to homosexu .
... a quiet introspect portrait of the self-esteem of employ and the shame of lose a job ... affabl if not timeless , like mike rais some worthwhil theme while deliv a wholesom fantasi for kid .
a film of delic interperson danc .
cain make us watch as his charact awaken to the notion that to be human is eventu to have to choos .
it 's a sight to behold .
it 's an unusu , thought bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantast moment and scene .
save from be mere way-cool by a basic , credibl compass .
the increas divers french director has creat a film that one can honest describ as look , sound and simpli feel like no other film in recent histori .
gang , despit the graviti of it subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
peter jackson has done the near imposs .
he has improv upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagin , no creatur , no fantasi stori and no incred outlandish sceneri
there has to be a few advantag to never grow old .
like be abl to hit on a 15-year old when you re over 100 .
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm give it a strong thumb up .
like kiss jessica stein , ami 's orgasm has a key strength in it willing to explor it princip charact with honesti , insight and humor .
the ladi and the duke is eric rohmer 's econom antidot to the bloat costum drama
one of the year 's best film , featur an oscar-worthi perform by juliann moor .
a small gem from belgium .
combin a comic dismal social realism with a farcic bawdi fantasi of redempt and regener .
a soap-opera qualiti twist in the last 20 minut ... almost put the kibosh on what is otherwis a sumptuous work of b-movi imagin .
the most ingeni film comedi sinc be john malkovich .
there 's someth to be said for a studio-produc film that never bother to hand viewer a suitcas full of easi answer .
a movi where stori is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of color and inexplic event .
manag to accomplish what few sequel can -- it equal the origin and in some way even better it .
to call this one an eventu cult classic would be an understat , and woe is the horror fan who opt to overlook this goofili endear and well-lens gorefest .
joli give it that extra littl someth that make it worth check out at theater , especi if you re in the mood for someth more comfort than challeng .
although melodramat and predict , this romant comedi explor the friendship between five filipino-american and their frantic effort to find love .
i have a new favorit music -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genr
it 's unlik we ll see a better thriller this year .
there is a real subject here , and it is handl with intellig and care .
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendid cast pair .
noyc creat a film of near-hypnot physic beauti even as he tell a stori as horrifi as ani in the heart-break extens annal of white-on-black racism .
start slowli , but adrien brodi -- in the titl role -- help make the film 's conclus power and satisfi .
veri predict but still entertain
noth short of a masterpiec -- and a challeng one .
pratfal asid , barbershop get it greatest play from the timeless spectacl of peopl realli talk to each other .
this amiabl pictur talk tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfing ...
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest work , but also one of his most uncanni .
an engross iranian film about two itiner teacher and some lost and desol peopl they encount in a place where war has savag the live and liberti of the poor and the dispossess .
even though we know the outcom , the seesaw of the general 's fate in the argument of compet lawyer has the stomach-knot suspens of a legal thriller , while the testimoni of wit lend the film a reson underton of tragedi .
watch spirit away is like watch an eastern imagin explod .
as relationship shift , director robert j. siegel allow the charact to inhabit their world without cleav to a narrat arc .
twohi know how to inflat the mundan into the scarifi , and get full mileag out of the roll of a stray barrel or the unexpect blast of a phonograph record .
while the stori doe seem pretti unbeliev at time , it 's aw entertain to watch .
a smart and funni , albeit sometim superfici , cautionari tale of a technolog in search of an artist .
examin it explos subject matter as nonjudgment as wiseman 's previous studi of inner-c high school , hospit , court and welfar center .
i prefer soderbergh 's concentr on his two lover over tarkovski 's most male , most patriarch debat societi .
` if you are in the mood for an intellig weepi , it can easili worm it way into your heart . '
in imax in short , it 's just as wonder on the big screen .
doe a good job of establish a time and place , and of tell a fascin charact 's stori .
i 'm go to give it a margin thumb up .
i like it just enough .
those of you who do n't believ in santa claus probabl also think that sequel can never captur the magic of the origin .
well , this movi prove you wrong on both count .
a delici nonsens comedi about a citi come apart at it seam .
the rare imax movi that you ll wish was longer than an hour .
my wife 's plot is noth special it 's the deliveri that matter here .
i ve yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movi actual produc by either the north or south vietnames , but at least now we ve got someth pretti damn close .
a move and not infrequ breathtak film .
it 's a sharp movi about otherwis dull subject .
it 's like rocki and bullwinkl on speed , but that 's neither complet enlighten , nor doe it catch the intens of the movi 's strang .
as action-adventur , this space-bas homag to robert loui stevenson 's treasur island fire on all plasma conduit .
a melancholi , emot film .
while the filmmak may be a bit disjoint , the subject matter is so fascin that you wo n't care .
intens romant , thought-provok and even an engag mysteri .
goofi , nutti , consist funni .
and educ !
anoth in a long line of ultra-viol war movi , this one is not quit what it could have been as a film , but the stori and theme make up for it .
it leav littl doubt that kidman has becom one of our best actor .
the film boast dri humor and jar shock , plus moment of breathtak mysteri .
beauti direct and convinc act .
gambl and throw a basketbal game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact toback himself use it in black and white .
but toback 's derang immediaci make it seem fresh again .
in the director 's cut , the film is not onli a love song to the movi but it also is more fulli an exampl of the kind of lush , all-envelop movi experi it rhapsod .
bring on the sequel .
grace with the kind of social textur and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedi .
if we sometim need comfort fantasi about mental ill , we also need movi like tim mccann 's revolut no. 9 .
the film occasion tri the viewer 's patienc with slow pace and a main charact who sometim defi sympathi , but it ultim satisfi with it move stori .
a big-budget\/all-star movi as unblink pure as the hour is a distinct rariti , and an event .
... certain an entertain ride , despit mani talki , slow scene .
but someth seem to be miss .
a sens of real magic , perhap .
that hayn can both maintain and dismantl the facad that his genr and his charact construct is a wonder accomplish of verac and narrat grace .
the movi work for me right up to the final scene , and then it cave in .
... one of the most entertain monster movi in age ... plung you into a realiti that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentiment it or deni it brutal , transform that realiti into a lyric and celebratori vision .
would you laugh if a tuba-play dwarf roll down a hill in a trash can ?
do you chuckl at the thought of an ancient librarian whack a certain part of a man 's bodi ?
if you answer yes , by all mean enjoy the new guy .
the film is ... determin to treat it charact , weak and strong , as fallibl human be , not caricatur , and to care delin the cost of the inevit conflict between human urg and an institut concern with self-preserv .
misstep take what was otherwis a fascin , rivet stori and send it down the path of the mundan .
an indispens peek at the art and the agoni of make peopl laugh .
steadfast uncinemat but power dramat .
the engag primit anim special effect contribut to a mood that 's sustain through the surpris somber conclus .
made-up lampoon the moviemak process itself , while shine a not particular flatter spotlight on america 's skin-deep notion of pulchritud .
evok the 19th centuri with a subtleti that is an object lesson in period filmmak .
ya-ya everywher will forgiv the flaw and love the film .
the film 's best trick is the way that it treat conspiraci as a kind of polit blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunt us precis becaus it can never be seen .
the artwork is spectacular and unlik most animaton from japan , the charact move with grace and panach .
the pictur 's fascin byway are litter with trenchant satir jab at the peculiar egocentr of the act breed .
the modern remak of duma 's stori is long on narrat and -lrb- too -rrb- short on action .
fred schepisi 's film is pace at a speed that is slow to those of us in middl age and death slow to ani teen .
with a cast of a-list brit actor , it is worth search out .
suffer from it timid pars of the barn-sid target of son tri to breach gap in their relationship with their father .
nonchal freaki and uncommon pleasur , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredict comedi .
it 's like an old warner bros. costum jive with sex -- this could be the movi errol flynn alway want to make , though bett davi , cast as joan , would have kill him .
it 's a great american adventur and a wonder film to bring to imax .
satisfi scarifi , fresh and old-fashion at the same time .
oh , jame !
your 20th outing show off a lot of stamina and vital , and get this , madonna 's cameo doe n't suck !
that death is mere a transit is a common tenet in the world 's religion .
this deepli spiritu film tap into the mean and consol in afterlif communic .
there is someth that is so medit and lyric about babak payami 's bold quirki iranian drama secret ballot ... a charm and evok littl ditti that manag to show the gentl and human side of middl eastern world polit
a huge box-offic hit in korea , shiri is a must for genr fan .
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirm ' becaus it usual mean ` schmaltzi , ' but real women have curv truli is life affirm .
the symbol float like butterfli and the spin styx sting like bee .
i want more .
if it 's unnerv suspens you re after -- you ll find it with ring , an indisput spooki film with a screenplay to die for .
the art direct and costum are gorgeous and fine detail , and kuri ' direct is clever and insight .
red dragon make one appreci silenc of the lamb .
prove a servic world war ii drama that ca n't total hide it contriv , but it at least call attent to a problem hollywood too long has ignor .
leigh is n't break new ground , but he know how a daili grind can kill love .
while broomfield 's film doe n't captur the effect of these tragic death on hip-hop cultur , it succeed as a power look at a failur of our justic system .
... strip bibl store of the potenti for sanctimoni , make them meaning for both kid and church-wari adult .
laugh-out-loud line , ador ditsi but heartfelt perform , and sparkl , bittersweet dialogu that cut to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
tend to pile too mani `` serious issu '' on it plate at time , yet remain fair light , alway entertain , and smart written .
a solid entertain littl film .
it 's an entertain movi , and the effect , boost to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
sayl has a knack for cast , often resurrect perform who rare work in movi now ... and draw flavor perform from bland actor .
despit an overwrought end , the film work as well as it doe becaus of the perform .
a passion inquisit film determin to uncov the truth and hope inspir action .
though nijinski 's word grow increas disturb , the film maintain a beguil seren and pois that make it access for a non-narr featur .
a muddl splash with bloodi beauti as vivid as ani scorses has ever given us .
from both a great and a terribl stori , mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeni worthi and devast experi .
spider-man is about grow strang hair , get a more matur bodi , and find it necessari to hide new secret from the parent unit .
the first shock thing about soror boy is that it 's actual watchabl .
even more baffl is that it 's funni .
highlight by a gritti style and an excel cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movi star ice-t in a major role .
neither quit a comedi nor a romanc , more of an impish divertiss of theme that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live togeth -- the film has a lot of charm .
first and foremost ... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomen , water-born cinematographi by david hen .
a visionari marvel , but it 's lack a depth in storytel usual found in anim like this .
the problem and charact it reveal are univers and involv , and the film itself -- as well it delight cast -- is so breezi , pretti and gift , it realli won my heart .
in his latest effort , storytel , solondz has final made a movi that is n't just offens -- it also happen to be good .
how i kill my father would be a rariti in hollywood .
it 's an actor 's showcas that accomplish it primari goal without the use of special effect , but rather by emphas the charact -- includ the support one .
i just saw this movi ... well , it 's probabl not accur to call it a movi .
what 's most memor about circuit is that it 's shot on digit video , whose tini camera enabl shafer to navig space both larg ... and small ... with consider aplomb .
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabash hope that it actual make the heart soar .
yes , soar .
a delici and delic funni look at the resid of a copenhagen neighborhood cope with the befuddl complic life toss at them .
`` what realli happen ? ''
is a question for philosoph , not filmmak all the filmmak need to do is engag an audienc .
soderbergh , like kubrick befor him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understand the work of it spirit .
much credit must be given to the water-camera oper team of don king , sonni miller , and michael stewart .
their work is fantast .
crush is so warm and fuzzi you might be abl to forgiv it mean-spirit second half .
franco is an excel choic for the walled-off but combust hustler , but he doe not give the transcend perform sonni need to overcom gap in charact develop and stori logic .
tsai ming-liang 's witti , wist new film , what time is it there ?
, is a tempor inquiri that shoulder it philosoph burden light .
the pianist lack the quick emot connect of steven spielberg 's schindler 's list .
but mr. polanski creat imag even more haunt than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .
steer , in his featur film debut , has creat a brilliant motion pictur .
a brilliant , absurd collect of vignett that , in their own idiosyncrat way , sum up the strang horror of life in the new millennium .
as warm as it is wise , deft set off uproari humor with an under serious that sneak up on the viewer , provid an experi that is richer than anticip .
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-rel pictur , but it still manag to get a few punch in .
old-fashion but thorough satisfi entertain .
an energ , intox documentari chart the rise of hip-hop cultur in general and the art of scratch -lrb- or turntabl -rrb- in particular .
a fun famili movi that 's suitabl for all age -- a movi that will make you laugh , cri and realiz , ` it 's never too late to believ in your dream . '
if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theori of this imageri as the movi 's set ... it can impart an almost viscer sens of disloc and chang .
i had a dream that a smart comedi would come along to rescu me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and it name was earnest .
even though the film doe n't manag to hit all of it mark , it 's still entertain to watch the target practic .
where this was lazi but enjoy , a formula comedi redeem by it star , that is even lazier and far less enjoy .
the 3-d vista from orbit , with the space station suspend like a huge set of wind chime over the great blue globe , are stanza of breathtak , awe-inspir visual poetri .
the attract between these two margin charact is complex from the start -- and , refresh , stay that way .
fan of the modern day hong kong action film final have the worthi successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patient wait for .
even when he 's not at his most critic insight , godard can still be smarter than ani 50 other filmmak still at work .
what set this romant comedi apart from most hollywood romant comedi is it low-key way of tackl what seem like done-to-death materi .
has enough wit , energi and genial to pleas not onli the fanat adher on either side , but also peopl who know noth about the subject and think they re not interest .
this seduct teas of a thriller get the job done .
it 's a scorcher .
bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestur , and some realli ador italian guy .
work as pretti contagi fun .
the best didactic is one carri by a strong sens of human , and bertrand taverni 's oft-brilli safe conduct -lrb- `` laissez-pass '' -rrb- wear it heart on it sleev .
a realist terrifi movi that put anoth notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tale .
a charm , banter-fil comedi ... one of those airi cinemat bon bon whose aim -- and by extens , accomplish -- seem decept slight on the surfac .
a film with almost as mani delight for adult as there are for children and dog lover .
serious movie-go embark upon this journey will find that the road to perdit lead to a satisfi destin .
heartwarm and gentl comic even as the film break your heart .
caruso sometim descend into sub-tarantino cute ... but for the most part he make sure the salton sea work the way a good noir should , keep it tight and nasti .
a `` black austin power ? ''
i prefer to think of it as `` pooti tang with a budget . ''
sa da tay !
odd , the film is n't near as downbeat as it sound , but strike a tone that 's altern melanchol , hope and strang funni .
i would be shock if there was actual one correct interpret , but that should n't make the movi or the discuss ani less enjoy .
chouraqui bring documentary-lik credibl to the horror of the kill field and the barbar of ` ethnic cleans . '
the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director doe next .
smarter than it commerci make it seem .
one of the funnier movi in town .
campanella 's compet direct and his excel cast overcom the obstacl of a predict outcom and a screenplay that gloss over rafael 's evolut .
by turn veri dark and veri funni .
steven soderbergh doe n't remak andrei tarkovski 's solari so much as distil it .
for more than two decad mr. nachtwey has travel to place in the world devast by war , famin and poverti and document the cruelti and suffer he has found with an devast , eloqu clariti .
simultan heartbreak beauti and exquisit sad .
though overal an overwhelm posit portray , the film doe n't ignor the more problemat aspect of brown 's life .
the philosoph muse of the dialogu jar against the tawdri soap opera antic of the film 's action in a way that is surpris enjoy .
not too fanci , not too fill , not too fluffi , but definit tasti and sweet .
director lee has a true cinemat knack , but it 's also nice to see a movi with it heart so thorough , unabash on it sleev .
as allen 's execut date close in , the documentari give an especi poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flag legal investig david presson .
jone has tackl a meati subject and drawn engag charact while pepper the page with memor zinger .
a vivid , spici footnot to histori , and a movi that grip and hold you in rapt attent from start to finish .
if s&m seem like a strang rout to true love , mayb it is , but it 's to this film 's -lrb- and it maker ' -rrb- credit that we believ that that 's exact what these two peopl need to find each other -- and themselv .
if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloy , it through-lin of famili and communiti is hearten in the same way that each season mark a new start .
one of the best of a grow strain of dare film ... that argu that ani sexual relationship that doe n't hurt anyon and work for it particip is a relationship that is worthi of our respect .
... an ador whimsic comedi that deserv more than a pass twinkl .
an engross stori that combin psycholog drama , sociolog reflect , and high-octan thriller .
it 's easi to be cynic about documentari in which underdog beat the odd and the human spirit triumph , but westbrook 's foundat and dalrympl 's film earn their uplift .
mel gibson fight the good fight in vietnam in director randal wallac 's flag-wav war flick with a core of decenc .
there 's real visual charg to the filmmak , and a strong erot spark to the most crucial lip-read sequenc .
a brutal and funni work .
nicol holofcent , the insight writer\/director respons for this illumin comedi doe n't wrap the proceed up neat but the idea tie togeth beauti .
the film is a blunt indict , part of a perhap surreal campaign to bring kissing to trial for crime against human .
one of the most import and exhilar form of anim filmmak sinc old walt doodl steamboat willi .
move over bond this girl deserv a sequel .
the kind of trifl that date night were invent for . . it 's a testament to the film 's consider charm that it succeed in entertain , despit play out like a feature-length sitcom replet with stereotyp famili quandari .
there 's a sheer unbridl delight in the way the stori unfurl ...
tell -lrb- the stori -rrb- with such atmospher ballast that shrug off the plot 's persnicketi problem is simpli a matter of -lrb- be -rrb- in a shrug mood .
the film is hard to dismiss -- moodi , thought , and lit by flash of mordant humor .
if the man from elysian field is doom by it small , it is also elev by it -- the kind of movi that you enjoy more becaus you re one of the lucki few who sought it out .
what emerg is an unsettl pictur of childhood innoc combin with indoctrin prejudic .
promis is a compel piec that demonstr just how well children can be train to live out and carri on their parent ' anguish .
meticul uncov a trail of outrag forc and craven conceal .
hey , happi !
is mani thing -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruct , gay fantasia -- but abov all it 's a love stori as sanguin as it titl .
you wo n't look at religi fanat -- or backyard shed -- the same way again .
at it best ... festiv in cann bubbl with the excit of the festiv in cann .
there is a general air of exuber in all about the benjamin that 's hard to resist .
a lovabl old-school hollywood confect .
i 'm happi to have seen it -- not as an altern version , but as the ultim exercis in view delet scene .
by turn grip , amus , tender and heart-wrench , laissez-pass has all the earmark of french cinema at it best .
the warn to resist temptat in this film ... are blunt and challeng and offer no easi reward for stay clean .
wonder of wonder -- a teen movi with a humanist messag .
a quirki comedi set in newfoundland that clever captur the dri wit that 's so preval on the rock .
pepper with witti dialogu and invent moment .
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girl
with the prospect of film like kangaroo jack about to burst across america 's winter movi screen it 's a pleasur to have a film like the hour as an altern .
the wonder combin of the sweet and the extraordinari technic accomplish of the first film are maintain , but it overal impact fall a littl flat with a storylin that never quit deliv the origin magic .
like it titl charact , this nichola nicklebi find itself in reduc circumst -- and , also like it hero , it remain bright optimist , come through in the end .
as a thought and unflinch examin of an altern lifestyl , sex with stranger is a success .
unpretenti , charm , quirki , origin
spin a web of dazzl entertain may be overst it , but `` spider-man '' certain deliv the good .
other than the slight flaw -lrb- and fair unbeliev -rrb- final , everyth els is top shelf .
this fascin look at israel in ferment feel as immedi as the latest news footag from gaza and , becaus of it heighten , well-shap drama , twice as power .
manag to delight without much of a stori .
there 's no deni that burn is a filmmak with a bright futur ahead of him .
i have a confess to make : i did n't particular like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy .
that is becaus - damn it !
- i also want a littl alien as a friend !
fairy-tal formula , serv as a paper skeleton for some veri good act , dialogu , comedi , direct and especi charm .
a genuin funni ensembl comedi that also ask it audienc -- in a heartwarm , nonjudgment kind of way -- to consid what we valu in our daili live .
though the aborigin aspect lend the end an extraordinari poignanc , and the stori itself could be play out in ani work class communiti in the nation .
an energet and engag film that never pretend to be someth it is n't .
a violent initi rite for the audienc , as much as it is for angeliqu , the -lrb- open -rrb- danc guarante karmen 's enthron among the cinema 's memor women .
an anim landmark as monument as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarf .
an entertain , if ultim minor , thriller .
sex with stranger is fascin ...
a subtl , poignant pictur of good that is flaw , compromis and sad .
a wri , affection delight .
the act in paulin and paulett is good all round , but what realli set the film apart is debrauw 's refus to push the easi emot button .
one of those joyous film that leap over nation boundari and celebr univers human natur .
a penetr glimps into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
kid should have a stir time at this beauti drawn movi .
and adult will at least have a dream imag of the west to savor whenev the film 's lamer instinct are in the saddl .
paid in full is remark engag despit be notic deriv of goodfella and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flick .
less cinemat power than quiet and deepli move , which is power in itself .
waydowntown manag to nail the spirit-crush ennui of denud urban live without give in to it .
each of these stori has the potenti for touch by an angel simplic and sappi , but thirteen convers about one thing , for all it generos and optim , never resort to easi feel-good sentiment .
if borstal boy is n't especi realist , it is an engag nostalgia piec .
often dement in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
the script 's snazzi dialogu establish a realist atmospher that involv us in the unfold crisi , but the lazi plot ensur that littl of our emot invest pay off .
maggi smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolut crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deport .
this is a movi that refresh the mind and spirit along with the bodi , so origin is it content , look , and style .
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not veri good either .
it can be safe recommend as a video\/dvd babysitt .
anoth best of the year select .
the film has the high-buf gloss and high-octan jolt you expect of de palma , but what make it transport is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasur express of pure movi love to come from an american director in year .
it 's a veri valuabl film ...
max poke , provok , take expressionist licens and hit a nerv ... as far as art is concern , it 's mission accomplish .
literari purist may not be pleas , but as far as mainstream matinee-styl entertain goe , it doe a bang-up job of pleas the crowd .
here polanski look back on those place he saw at childhood , and captur them by free them from artefact , and by show them heartbreak drabli .
the stori itself it most told through on-camera interview with sever survivor , whose rivet memori are render with such clariti that it 's as if it all happen onli yesterday .
a compel stori of music passion against government odd .
with `` ichi the killer '' , takashi miik , japan 's wildest filmmak give us a crime fighter carri more emot baggag than batman ...
you never know where chang lane is go to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actor there is .
-lrb- breheni 's -rrb- lens of the new zealand and cook island locat captur both the beauti of the land and the peopl .
an almost unbear morbid love stori .
the wild thornberri movi has all the sibl rivalri and general famili chao to which anyon can relat .
a forc drama of an alien execut who re-inv himself .
spielberg 's realize of a near-futur america is master .
this make minor report necessari view for sci-fi fan , as the film has some of the best special effect ever .
the gag that fli at such a furious funni pace that the onli rip off that we were awar of was the one we felt when the movi end so damn soon .
the best film of the year 2002 .
an enthral , entertain featur .
strip almost entir of such tool as nuditi , profan and violenc , labut doe manag to make a few point about modern man and his problemat quest for human connect .
a remark movi with an unsatisfi end , which is just the point .
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfi well-mad romant comedi that 's both charm and well act .
it will guarante to have you leav the theater with a smile on your face .
smith find amus juxtaposit that justifi his exercis .
work from a surpris sensit script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoid most of the pitfal you 'd expect in such a potenti sudsi set-up .
an older cad instruct a younger lad in zen and the art of get laid in this prick indi comedi of manner and misanthropi .
`` austin power in goldmemb '' has the right stuff for silli summer entertain and has enough laugh to sustain interest to the end .
one of -lrb- jaglom 's -rrb- better effort -- a wri and sometim bitter movi about love .
schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be whi it work as well as it doe .
a fresh , entertain comedi that look at relationship minus tradit gender role .
although estela bravo 's documentari is cloy hagiograph in it portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilti pleasur to watch .
surpris , the film is a hilari adventur and i shameless enjoy it .
the way home is an ode to uncondit love and compass garner from year of see it all , a condit onli the old are privi to , and ... often misconstru as weak .
brutal honest and told with humor and poignanc , which make it messag reson .
if you can read the subtitl -lrb- the opera is sung in italian -rrb- and you like ` masterpiec theatr ' type costum , you ll enjoy this movi .
a pretti funni movi , with most of the humor come , as befor , from the incongru but chemic perfect team of crystal and de niro .
gangster no. 1 is solid , satisfi fare for adult .
this chicago has huge imagin and success cast to it great credit , as well as one terrif score and attitud to spare .
has enough gun battl and throwaway humor to cover up the yawn chasm where the plot should be .
with it jerki hand-held camera and documentari feel , bloodi sunday is a sober recount of a veri bleak day in derri .
you will like prefer to keep on watch .
insomnia lose point when it surrend to a formula bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclus .
but the perform of pacino , william , and swank keep the viewer wide-awak all the way through .
what might have been readili dismiss as the tiresom rant of an age filmmak still thumb his nose at convent take a surpris , subtl turn at the midway point .
at a time when commerci has squeez the life out of whatev ideal american moviemak ever had , godfrey reggio 's career shine like a lone beacon .
an inuit masterpiec that will give you goosebump as it uncanni tale of love , communal discord , and justic unfold .
this is popcorn movi fun with equal dose of action , chees , ham and cheek -lrb- as well as a serious debt to the road warrior -rrb- , but it feel like unreal potenti
it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jon that by movi 's end , we accept the charact and the film , flaw and all .
perform are potent , and the women 's stori are abli intercut and involv .
an enorm entertain movi , like noth we ve ever seen befor , and yet complet familiar .
lan yu is a genuin love stori , full of tradit layer of awaken and ripen and separ and recoveri .
your children will be occupi for 72 minut .
pull -lrb- s -rrb- off the rare trick of recreat not onli the look of a certain era , but also the feel .
twohi 's a good yarn-spinn , and ultim the stori compel .
` tobey maguir is a poster boy for the geek generat . '
... a sweet affect stori about four sister who are cope , in one way or anoth , with life 's endgam .
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tear cascad over the screen effortless ...
road to perdit doe display great , and it 's worth see .
but it also come with the lazi and arrog of a thing that alreadi know it 's won .
a marvel perform by allison lohman as an identity-seek foster child .
arliss howard 's ambiti , move , and adventur directori debut , big bad love , meet so mani of the challeng it pose for itself that one can forgiv the film it flaw .
critic need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendit of the notori mtv show deliv the outrag , sicken , sidesplit good in steam , viscer heap .
what a dumb , fun , curious adolesc movi this is .
the charm of the lead perform allow us to forget most of the film 's problem .
a vivid , sometim surreal , glimps into the mysteri of human behavior .
a tour de forc of modern cinema .
peralta captur , in lumin interview and amaz evoc film from three decad ago , the essenc of the dogtown experi .
the live appeal of the last kiss lie in the eas with which it integr thought and pasta-fagioli comedi .
without resort to camp or parodi , hayn -lrb- like sirk , but differ -rrb- has transform the rhetor of hollywood melodrama into someth provoc , rich , and strang .
the perform are an absolut joy .
a quasi-documentari by french filmmak karim dridi that celebr the hardi spirit of cuban music .
grant carri the day with impecc comic time , raffish charm and pierc intellect .
a sensit and astut first featur by anne-sophi birot .
both exuber romant and seren melancholi , what time is it there ?
may prove to be -lrb- tsai 's -rrb- masterpiec .
mazel tov to a film about a famili 's joyous life act on the yiddish stage .
stand in the shadow of motown is the best kind of documentari , one that make a deplet yesterday feel veri much like a brand-new tomorrow .
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these year , and chaykin and head are priceless .
provid a porthol into that nobl , trembl incoher that defin us all .
simplist , silli and tedious .
it 's so laddish and juvenil , onli teenag boy could possibl find it funni .
exploit and larg devoid of the depth or sophist that would make watch such a graphic treatment of the crime bearabl .
-lrb- garbus -rrb- discard the potenti for patholog studi , exhum instead , the skew melodrama of the circumstanti situat .
a visual flashi but narrat opaqu and emot vapid exercis in style and mystif .
the stori is also as unorigin as they come , alreadi have been recycl more time than i 'd care to count .
about the onli thing to give the movi point for is bravado -- to take an entir stale concept and push it through the audienc 's meat grinder one more time .
not so much farcic as sour .
unfortun the stori and the actor are serv with a hack script .
all the more disquiet for it relat gore-fre allus to the serial murder , but it fall down in it attempt to human it subject .
a sentiment mess that never ring true .
while the perform are often engag , this loos collect of larg improvis number would probabl have work better as a one-hour tv documentari .
interest , but not compel .
on a cut room floor somewher lie ... footag that might have made no such thing a trenchant , iron cultur satir instead of a frustrat misfir .
while the ensembl player who gain notic in guy ritchi 's lock , stock and two smoke barrel and snatch has the bod , he 's unlik to becom a household name on the basi of his first star vehicl .
there is a differ between movi with the courag to go over the top and movi that do n't care about be stupid
noth here seem as funni as it did in analyz this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah .
such master screenwrit come courtesi of john pogu , the yale grad who previous gave us `` the skull '' and last year 's `` rollerbal . '' enough said , except : film overboard !
here , common sens fli out the window , along with the hail of bullet , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
this 100-minut movi onli has about 25 minut of decent materi .
the execut is so pedestrian that the most posit comment we can make is that rob schneider actual turn in a pretti convinc perform as a prissi teenag girl .
on it own , it 's not veri interest .
as a remak , it 's a pale imit .
it show that some studio firm believ that peopl have lost the abil to think and will forgiv ani shoddi product as long as there 's a littl girl-on-girl action .
a farc of a parodi of a comedi of a premis , it is n't a comparison to realiti so much as it is a commentari about our knowledg of film .
as excit as all this exotic might sound to the typic pax viewer , the rest of us will be lull into a coma .
the parti scene deliv some tawdri kick .
the rest of the film ... is dudsvill .
our cultur is head down the toilet with the feroc of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this becaus i ve seen ` jackass : the movi . '
the critic never rise abov easi , cynic potshot at moral bankrupt charact ...
the movi 's something-borrow construct feel less the product of love , well integr homag and more like a mere excus for the wan , thin sketch stori .
kill time , that 's all that 's go on here .
somewher in the middl , the film compel , as demm experi he harvest a few movi moment gem , but the field of roughag domin .
the action clich just pile up .
payami tri to rais some serious issu about iran 's elector process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtl as a parti polit broadcast .
the onli surpris is that heavyweight joel silver and robert zemecki agre to produc this i assum the director has pictur of them cavort in ladi ' underwear .
anoth useless recycl of a brutal mid - 70s american sport movi .
pleas , someon , stop eric schaeffer befor he make anoth film .
most of the problem with the film do n't deriv from the screenplay , but rather the mediocr perform by most of the actor involv
... if you re just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movi , you might want to catch freak as a matine .
curl may be a uniqu sport but men with broom is distinct ordinari .
though the opera itself take place most indoor , jacquot seem unsur of how to evok ani sort of natur on the set .
there 's no get around the fact that this is reveng of the nerd revisit -- again .
the effort is sincer and the result are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hard watchabl .
analyz that regurgit and water down mani of the previous film 's success , with a few new swing thrown in .
with flashbulb edit as cover for the absenc of narrat continu , undisput is near incoher , an excus to get to the close bout ... by which time it 's imposs to care who win .
stink from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
to the civil mind , a movi like ballist : eck vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amus .
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian theme of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
the lack of natur make everyth seem self-consci poetic and forc ... it 's a piti that -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- achiev doe n't match his ambit .
when seagal appear in an orang prison jumpsuit , i want to stand up in the theater and shout , ` hey , kool-aid ! '
an easi watch , except for the annoy demeanour of it lead charact .
imagin the cleanflick version of ` love stori , ' with ali macgraw 's profan replac by romance-novel platitud .
pc stabil notwithstand , the film suffer from a simplist narrat and a pat , fairy-tal conclus .
forget the mislead titl , what 's with the unexplain baboon cameo ?
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequenti romant comedi .
though her fan will assur have their funni bone tickl , other will find their humor-seek dollar best spent elsewher .
pascal bailli 's rom-com provid ameli 's audrey tautou with anoth fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritu quest .
a static and sugari littl half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understand , stretch out to 90 minut .
watch the chemistri between freeman and judd , howev , almost make this movi worth see .
almost .
... a pretenti and ultim empti examin of a sick and evil woman .
the countri bear has no scene that will upset or frighten young viewer .
unfortun , there is almost noth in this flat effort that will amus or entertain them , either .
the cumul effect of watch this 65-minut trifl is rather like be trap while some weird relat trot out the video he took of the famili vacat to stoneheng .
befor long , you re desper for the even to end .
the charact are never more than sketch ... which leav ani true emot connect or identif frustrat out of reach .
mattei 's underdevelop effort here is noth but a conveni conveyor belt of brood person that parad about as if they were come back from stock charact camp -- a drowsi drama infatu by it own pretenti self-examin .
onli in it final surpris shot doe rabbit-proof fenc find the author it 's look for .
is n't as sharp as the origin ... despit some visual virtu , ` blade ii ' just doe n't cut it .
... play like a bad edit , 91-minut trailer -lrb- and -rrb- the director ca n't seem to get a coher rhythm go .
in fact , it doe n't even seem like she tri .
mayb leblanc thought , `` hey , the movi about the baseball-play monkey was wors . ''
what you expect is just what you get ... assum the bar of expect has n't been rais abov sixth-grad height .
barri sonnenfeld owe frank the pug big time
the biggest problem with roger avari 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all it director 's cut glori , he 's made a film that 's bare shock , bare interest and most of all , bare anyth .
so riddl with unansw question that it requir gargantuan leap of faith just to watch it plod along .
i approach the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a rais .
if sinis 's charact had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minut but instead the plot goe out of it way to introduc obstacl for him to stumbl over .
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advanc screen .
`` the adventur of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .
a punch line without a premis , a joke built entir from musti memori of half-dimension charact .
take one charact we do n't like and anoth we do n't believ , and put them into a battl of will that is imposs to care about and is n't veri funni .
the thing this movi tri to get the audienc to buy just wo n't fli with most intellig viewer .
even if the entic prospect of a lot of nubil young actor in a film about campus deprav did n't fade amid the deliber , tiresom ugli , it would be render tedious by avari 's failur to construct a stori with even a trace of dramat interest .
sit through the last reel -lrb- spoiler alert ! -rrb-
is signific less charm than listen to a four-year-old with a tast for exagger recount his halloween trip to the haunt hous .
confus it messag with an ultim desir to pleas , and contort itself into an idea of expect is the last thing ani of these three actress , nor their charact , deserv .
dead dull , pointless medit on loser in a gone-to-se hotel .
with this new rollerbal , sens and sensibl have been overrun by what can onli be character as robot sentiment .
one can onli assum that the juri who bestow star hoffman 's brother gordi with the waldo salt screenwrit award at 2002 's sundanc festiv were honor an attempt to do someth differ over actual pull it off
a movi more to be prescrib than recommend -- as visual bland as a dentist 's wait room , complet with sooth muzak and a cushion of predict narrat rhythm .
sex iron has littl to do with the stori , which becom someth about how lame it is to tri and evad your respons and that you should never , ever , leav a larg dog alon with a toddler .
but never mind all that the boob are fantasti
the script cover huge , heavi topic in a bland , surfacey way that doe n't offer ani insight into whi , for instanc , good thing happen to bad peopl .
a portrait of alien so perfect , it will certain succeed in alien most viewer .
the code talker deserv better than a hollow tribut .
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
feel like a cold old man go through the motion .
dignifi ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
can you bear the laughter ?
dull and mechan , kinda like a veri goofi museum exhibit
there 's no point of view , no contemporari interpret of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we re left think the onli reason to make the movi is becaus present standard allow for plenti of nuditi .
bewar the quirki brit-com .
they can and will turn on a dime from odd humor to tedious sentiment .
has it moment -- and almost as mani subplot .
the gag , and the script , are a mix bag .
complet aw iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchi ayatollah in a cold mosqu .
narrat , troubl everi day is a plod mess .
there 's no point in extract the bare bone of byatt 's plot for purpos of bland hollywood romanc .
director john musker and ron clement , the team behind the littl mermaid , have produc sparkl retina candi , but they are n't abl to muster a lot of emot reson in the cold vacuum of space .
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he need to pull his head out of his butt
there 's no doubt that this is a high ambiti and person project for egoyan , but it 's also one that , next to his best work , feel clumsi and convolut .
despit engag offbeat touch , knockaround guy rare seem interest in kick around a raison d'etr that 's as fresh-fac as it young-gun cast .
it 's all pretti tame .
the most offens thing about the movi is that hollywood expect peopl to pay to see it .
the movi is a mess from start to finish .
the troubl with make this queen a thorough modern maiden is that it also make her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more like , a victim of mental ill .
i 'm not say that ice age doe n't have some fair pretti pictur , but there 's not enough substanc in the stori to actual give them life .
in the tell of a stori larg untold , bui choos to produc someth that is ultim suspici familiar .
the plot is noth but boilerpl clich from start to finish , and the script assum that not onli would subtleti be lost on the target audienc , but that it 's also too stupid to realiz that they ve alreadi seen this exact same movi a hundr time
termin brain dead product .
some episod work , some do n't .
beauti film and well act ... but admit problemat in it narrat specif .
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box offic pie , although this movi make one thing perfect clear : she 's a pretti woman , but she 's no work girl .
rymer doe n't trust laugh -- and doe n't conjur proper respect for follow of the whole dead-undead genr , who deserv more from a vampir pic than a few shrieki special effect .
not onli are the film 's soprano gag incred date and unfunni , they also demonstr how desper the maker of this ` we re - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
wow .
i have not been this disappoint by a movi in a long time .
off the hook is overlong and not well-act , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finish it at all .
it 's a drag how nettelbeck see work women -- or at least this work woman -- for whom she show littl understand .
watch harri ham it up while physic and emot disintegr over the cours of the movi has a certain poignanc in light of his recent death , but boyd 's film offer littl els of consequ .
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similar ill-tim antitrust , is easili as bad at a fraction the budget .
will probabl be one of those movi bare regist a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
the problem is not that it 's all deriv , becaus plenti of funni movi recycl old trope .
the problem is that van wilder doe littl that is actual funni with the materi .
there 's noth interest in unfaith whatsoev .
none of this is half as move as the filmmak seem to think .
a process comedi chop suey .
as spent screen seri go , star trek : nemesi is even more suggest of a 65th class reunion mixer where onli eight surviv member show up -- and there 's noth to drink .
fail as a dystopian movi , as a retool of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .
full of the kind of obnoxi chitchat that onli self-awar neurot engag in .
an erot thriller that 's neither too erot nor veri thrill , either .
the movi , like bartlebi , is someth of a stiff -- an extra-dri offic comedi that seem twice as long as it 83 minut .
with it parad of almost perpetu wast charact ... margarita feel like a hazi high that take too long to shake .
if you valu your time and money , find an escap claus and avoid see this trite , predict rehash .
the director and her capabl cast appear to be caught in a headi whirl of new age-inspir good intent , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmer .
everyth is peg into the groov of a new york date comedi with ` issu ' to simplifi .
a dramat comedi as pleasant dishonest and pat as ani hollywood fluff .
the cameo-pack , m : i-2-spoof titl sequenc is the funniest 5 minut to date in this spi comedi franchis ... then mike myer show up and ruin everyth .
it come off as so silli that you would n't be surpris if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen give chase in a black and red van .
the 50-someth lovebird are too immatur and unapp to care about .
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictur that you root for throughout , dear hope that the rich promis of the script will be realiz on the screen .
it never is , not fulli .
even in the summertim , the most restless young audienc deserv the digniti of an action hero motiv by someth more than franchis possibl .
what with all the blanket statement and dime-stor rumin on vaniti , the worri of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becom a sermon for most of it run time .
as game as the movi tri to make sens of it titl charact , there remain a huge gap between the film 's creepi , clean-cut dahmer -lrb- jeremi renner -rrb- and fiendish act that no amount of earnest textbook psycholog can bridg .
plod , peevish and gimmicki .
the four feather is definit hors feather , but if you go in know that , you might have fun in this cinemat sandbox .
ooz condescens from everi pore .
`` solari '' is a shapeless inconsequenti move reli on the viewer to do most of the work .
the direct , by georg hickenloop , has no snap to it , no wiseacr crackl or hard-bitten cynic .
though this saga would be terrif to read about , it is dicey screen materi that onli a genius should touch .
it has plenti of laugh .
it just doe n't have much els ... especi in a moral sens .
an aw lot like one of -lrb- spear ' -rrb- music video in content -- except that it goe on for at least 90 more minut and , wors , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
confus is one of my least favourit emot , especi when i have to put up with 146 minut of it .
-lrb- h -rrb- ad i suffer and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i 'd want someth a bit more complex than we were soldier to be rememb by .
occasion loud and offens , but more often , it simpli lull you into a gentl wake coma .
it may play well as a doubl featur with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wed
by the time you reach the final , you re like wonder whi you ve been watch all this strut and postur .
journalist dubious , inept and often lethal dull .
put the primit murder insid a high-tech space station unleash a pandora 's box of special effect that run the gamut from cheesi to cheesier to cheesiest .
at it best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
at it worst , it 's rambo - meets-john ford .
exact what you 'd expect from a guy name kao .
this movi ... doe n't deserv the energi it take to describ how bad it is .
with or without ballast tank , k-19 sink to a harrison ford low .
director oliv parker labor so hard to whip life into the import of be earnest that he probabl pull a muscl or two .
you might be shock to discov that seinfeld 's real life is bore .
it 's not near as fresh or enjoy as it predecessor , but there are enough high point to keep this from be a complet wast of time .
walsh ca n't quit negoti the mani inconsist in janic 's behavior or compens for them by sheer forc of charm .
this 10th film in the seri look and feel tire .
it leer , offer next to littl insight into it intrigu subject .
i found myself grow more and more frustrat and detach as vincent becam more and more abhorr .
one of the oddest and most inexplic sequel in movi histori .
there 's noth to gain from watch they .
it is n't scari .
it hate it charact .
it find no way to entertain or inspir it viewer .
fear permeat the whole of stortel , todd solondz ' oftentim funni , yet ultim coward autocritiqu .
the skirmish for power wage among victim and predat settl into an undistinguish rhythm of artifici suspens .
... ice age tread predict along familiar territori , make it a passabl famili film that wo n't win mani fan over the age of 12 .
though the film is well-intent , one could rent the origin and get the same love stori and parabl .
just too silli and sophomor to ensnar it target audienc .
the video work is so graini and rough , so depend on be ` naturalist ' rather than care lit and set up , that it 's exhaust to watch .
a clever craft but ultim hollow mockumentari .
it get bog down by hit-and-miss topic humour befor get to the truli good stuff .
an ach enthral premis , the film is hinder by uneven dialogu and plot laps .
it 's tommi 's job to clean the peep booth surround her , and after view this one , you ll feel like mop up , too .
rifkin no doubt fanci himself someth of a hubert selbi jr. , but there is n't an ounc of honest poetri in his entir script it 's simpli crude and unrel exploit .
such a bad movi that it luckiest viewer will be seat next to one of those ignor pinhead who talk throughout the show .
if you go into the theater expect a scari , action-pack chiller , you might soon be look for a sign .
an exit sign , that is .
hold limit appeal to those who like explos , sadism and see peopl beat each other to a pulp .
the dialogu is veri choppi and monosyllab despit the fact that it is be dub .
a feature-length , r-rat , road-trip version of mama 's famili .
what you end up get is the vertic limit of surf movi - memor stunt with lot of downtim in between .
steal harvard doe n't care about clever , wit or ani other kind of intellig humor .
bigelow handl the nuclear crisi sequenc even but milk drama when she should be build suspens , and drag out too mani scene toward the end that should move quick .
there 's undeni enjoy to be had from film cram with movi refer , but the fun wear thin -- then out -- when there 's noth els happen .
imagin kevin smith , the blasphem bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were strip of most of his budget and all of his sens of humor .
the result might look like vulgar .
suffer from a lack of clariti and audac that a subject as monstrous and pathet as dahmer demand .
what sour me on the santa claus 2 was that santa bump up against 21st centuri realiti so hard , it 's icki .
it 's an 88-minut highlight reel that 's 86 minut too long .
the film favor the scientif over the spectacular -lrb- visual speak -rrb- .
such an incomprehens mess that it feel less like bad cinema than like be stuck in a dark pit have a nightmar about bad cinema .
with the except of mccoist , the player do n't have a clue on the park .
the act is n't much better .
the whole affair is as predict as can be .
a not-so-divin secret of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefti help of re-fri green tomato .
this cloy , voices-from-the-other-sid stori is hell .
a suffoc rape-payback horror show that hing on the subgenr 's most enabl victim ... and an ebulli affect for industrial-model meat freezer .
star trek was kind of terrif onc , but now it is a copi of a copi of a copi .
-lrb- n -rrb- o matter how much good will the actor generat , showtim eventu fold under it own thin .
everi potenti twist is telegraph well in advanc , everi perform respect mute the movi itself seem to have been made under the influenc of rohypnol .
put on air of a hal hartley wannab film -- without the vital comic ingredi of the hilari writer-director himself .
ver wiel 's desper attempt at wit is lost , leav the charact of critic jim two-dimension and pointless .
despit a perform of sustain intellig from stanford and anoth of subtl humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduc oscar , the film founder on it lack of empathi for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and it off
although disney follow it standard formula in this anim adventur , it feel more forc than usual .
gaghan ... has thrown everi suspens clich in the book at this nonsens stori .
a sham construct base on theori , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesi .
-lrb- p -rrb- artner murphi with robert de niro for the tv-cop comedi showtim would seem to be surefir cast .
the catch is that they re stuck with a script that prevent them from fire on all cylind .
` you ll laugh for not quit and hour and a half , but come out feel strang unsatisfi .
you ll feel like you ate a rees without the peanut butter ... '
good offer a desper ingrati perform .
parker should be commend for take a fresh approach to familiar materi , but his determin to remain true to the origin text lead him to adopt a somewhat manner tone ... that ultim dull the human tragedi at the stori 's core .
the director has inject self-consci into the proceed at everi turn .
the result are far more alien than involv .
bogdanich is unasham pro-serbian and make littl attempt to give voic to the other side .
a lack of thesi make maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectu and emot impact of an after-school special .
without shakespear 's eloqu languag , the updat is dreari and sluggish .
if h.g. well had a time machin and could take a look at his kin 's rework version , what would he say ?
` it look good , sonni , but you miss the point . '
dure the tuxedo 's 90 minut of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' .
bisset deliv a game perform , but she is unabl to save the movi .
watch austin power in goldmemb is like bing on cotton candi .
it 's sweet and fluffi at the time , but it may leav you feel a littl sticki and unsatisfi .
the most anti-human big studio pictur sinc 3000 mile to graceland .
the film can depress you about life itself .
i 'm sure the filmmak found this a remark and novel concept , but anybodi who has ever seen an independ film can report that it is instead a cheap clich .
the act is fine but the script is about as interest as a record of convers at the wal-mart checkout line .
it weighti theme are too grave for youngster , but the stori is too steep in fairi tale and other childish thing to appeal much to teenag .
the plot plummet into a comedi graveyard befor janic come race to the rescu in the final reel .
sometim there are veri , veri good reason for certain movi to be seal in a jar and left on a remot shelf indefinit .
at 90 minut this movi is short , but it feel much longer .
here 's my advic , kev .
start read your script befor sign that dot line .
an altern raucous and sappi ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regret .
an ugly-duckl tale so hideous and clumsili told it feel accident .
unfortun , it 's also not veri good .
especi compar with the televis seri that inspir the movi .
it wrap up a classic mother\/daught struggl in recycl paper with a shini new bow and while the audienc can tell it 's not all new , at least it look pretti .
glaze with a tawdri b-movi scum .
this is the kind of movi dure which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at it clueless , at it idioci , at it utter misplac earnest .
it wind up move in mani direct as it search -lrb- vain , i think -rrb- for someth fresh to say .
all in all , road to perdit is more in love with strang than excel .
a big fat pain .
a mimet approxim of better film like contempt and 8 1\/2 .
unintellig , poor act , brain-slap bad , harvard man is ludicr enough that it could becom a cult classic .
watch the powerpuff girl movi , my mind kept return to one anecdot for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave peopl seizur .
an ineleg combin of two unrel short that fall far short of the director 's previous work in term of both themat content and narrat strength .
to build a feel-good fantasi around a vain dictator-madman is off-put , to say the least , not to mention inappropri and wild undeserv .
with the cheesiest monster this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more like to induc sleep than fright .
mild , meander teen flick .
though it atmospher is intrigu ... the drama is final too predict to leav much of an impress .
though this rude and crude film doe deliv a few gut-bust laugh , it dig at modern societi are all thing we ve seen befor .
although it tri to be much more , it 's realli just anoth major leagu .
astonish is n't the word -- neither is incompet , incoher or just plain crap .
inde , none of these word realli get at the veri special type of bad that is deuc wild .
one thing is for sure : this movi doe not tell you a whole lot about lili chou-chou .
with a tone as variabl as the cinematographi , schaeffer 's film never settl into the light-foot enchant the materi need , and the charact ' quirk and foibl never jell into charm .
to better understand whi this did n't connect with me would requir anoth view , and i wo n't be sit through this one again ... that in itself is commentari enough .
cuba good jr. valiant mug his way through snow dog , but even his boister energi fail to spark this leaden comedi .
dian lane 's sophist perform ca n't rescu adrian lyne 's unfaith from it sleazi moral .
not at all clear what it 's tri to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interest .
-lrb- swimfan -rrb- fall victim to sloppi plot , an insult unbeliev final act and a villai who is too crazi to be interest .
this remak of lina wertmul 's 1975 eroti-comedi might just be the biggest husband-and-wif disast sinc john and bo derek made the ridicul bolero .
silli , loud and goofi .
whi spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasi littl vidgam pit in the theater lobbi ?
the french director has turn out near 21\/2 hour of unfocus , excruci tedious cinema that , half an hour in , start make water tortur seem appeal .
the basic premis is intrigu but quick becom distast and downright creepi .
the pool drown me in boredom .
it 's like an all-star salut to disney 's cheesi commerci .
it 's hard to imagin ani recent film , independ or otherwis , that make as much of a mess as this one .
some of the comput anim is handsom , and various amus sidekick add much-need leviti to the otherwis bleak tale , but overal the film never rise abov mediocr .
there 's an excel 90-minut film here unfortun , it run for 170 .
as saccharin movi go , this is like to caus massiv cardiac arrest if taken in larg dose .
die anoth day is onli intermitt entertain but it 's hard not to be a sucker for it charm , or perhap it 's just imposs not to feel nostalgia for movi you grew up with .
as is often the case with ambiti , eager first-tim filmmak , mr. murray , a prolif director of music video , stuff his debut with more plot than it can comfort hold .
the mysteri of enigma is how a rich histor subject , combin with so much first-rat talent ... could have yield such a flat , plod pictur .
it throw quirki charact , odd situat , and off-kilt dialogu at us , all as if to say , `` look at this !
this is an interest movi ! ''
but the film itself is ultim quit unengag .
the inher limit of use a video game as the sourc materi movi are onc again made all too clear in this schlocki horror\/act hybrid .
it 's not onli dull becaus we ve seen -lrb- eddi -rrb- murphi do the genial-rogu shtick to death , but becaus the plot is equal hackney .
avari 's film never quit emerg from the shadow of elli ' book .
a poor script , preachi fabl that forget about unfold a coher , believ stori in it zeal to spread propaganda .
while it is interest to wit the conflict from the palestinian side , longley 's film lack balanc ... and fail to put the struggl into meaning histor context .
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequenc as ani director , but how long will filmmak copi the `` save privat ryan '' battl scene befor realiz steven spielberg got it right the first time ?
it 's sincer to a fault , but , unfortun , not veri compel or much fun .
... jone , despit a definit distinct screen presenc , just is n't abl to muster for a movi that , it titl notwithstand , should have been a lot nastier if it want to fulli capit on it lead 's specif gift .
this follow-up seem so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it make one long for a geriatr peter .
whi , you may ask , whi should you buy the movi milk when the tv cow is free ?
there 's no good answer to that one .
this slow-mov swedish film offer not even a hint of joy , prefer to focus on the humili of martin as he defec in bed and urin on the plant at his own birthday parti .
a muddl limp biscuit of a movi , a vampir soap opera that doe n't make much sens even on it own term .
there 's the plot , and a madden insist and repetit piano score that made me want to scream .
this is a movi so insecur about it capac to excit that it churn up not one but two flagrant fake thunderstorm to underscor the action .
this is amus for about three minut .
klein , charm in comedi like american pie and dead-on in elect , deliv one of the saddest action hero perform ever wit .
it 's rare to see a movi that take such a speedi swan dive from `` promis '' to `` interest '' to `` familiar '' befor land squar on `` stupid '' .
this is the sort of low-grad dreck that usual goe straight to video -- with a lousi script , inept direct , pathet act , poor dub dialogu and murki cinematographi , complet with visibl boom mike .
the direct occasion rise to the level of margin compet , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chase who or whi .
there are few thing more frustrat to a film buff than see an otherwis good movi mar beyond redempt by a disastr end .
it wo n't harm anyon , but neither can i think of a veri good reason to rush right out and see it .
after all , it ll probabl be in video store by christma , and it might just be better suit to a night in the live room than a night at the movi .
look more like a travel-ag video target at peopl who like to ride bike topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhil glimps of independent-commun guid light .
given too much time to consid the loos of the piec , the pictur begin to resembl the shapeless , grasp actor ' workshop that it is .
they kept much of the plot but jettison the stuff that would make this a move experi for peopl who have n't read the book .
just becaus a walk to rememb is shrewd enough to activ girlish tear duct doe n't mean it 's good enough for our girl .
-lrb- carvey 's -rrb- charact are both overplay and exagger , but then again , subtleti has never been his trademark .
it 's mild interest to ponder the peculiar american style of justic that play out here , but it 's so muddl and deriv that few will bother think it all through .
this dread earnest invers of the concubin love triangl eschew the previous film 's histor panorama and roil patho for bug-ey mug and gay-nich condescens .
brown 's saga , like mani befor his , make for snappi prose but a stumblebum of a movi .
the boy ' spar , like the success of blow dump on guei , wear down the stori 's more cerebr , and likabl , plot element .
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tri to cram too mani ingredi into one small pot .
the stori is so light and sugari that were it a maci 's thanksgiv day parad balloon , extra heavy-duti rope would be need to keep it from float away .
oedekerk mug merciless , and the genuin funni joke are few and far between .
sinc dahmer resort to standard slasher flick thrill when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it miss a major opportun to be truli revelatori about his psych .
onli those most addict to film violenc in all it form will find anyth here to appreci .
cold and scatter , minor report command interest almost sole as an exercis in gorgeous visual .
that 's not vintag spielberg and that , final , is minim satisfi .
everi now and again , a movi come along to remind us of how veri bad a motion pictur can truli be .
frank mckluski c.i. is that movi !
it 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predict thriller .
... a most bore affair with a confus sudden final that 's like to irk viewer .
the trap of i spi are so familiar you might as well be watch a rerun .
what start off as a potenti incred twist mysteri becom simpli a monster chase film .
in the wake of save privat ryan , black hawk down and we were soldier , you are like to be as heartili sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weari marin .
it is messi , uncouth , incomprehens , vicious and absurd .
realli doe feel like a short stretch out to featur length .
hamper -- no , paralyz -- by a self-indulg script ... that aim for poetri and end up sound like satir .
cheap , vulgar dialogu and a plot that crawl along at a snail 's pace .
and if you appreci the one-sid theme to lawrenc 's over-indulg tirad , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorifi martin lawrenc lovefest .
if you are will to do this , then you so crazi !
direct without the expect flair or imagin by hong kong master john woo , windtalk air just about everi clich in the war movi compendium across it indulg two-hour-and-fifteen-minut length .
it 's a veri tast rock and roll movi .
you could put it on a coffe tabl anywher .
the movi is load with good intent , but in his zeal to squeez the action and our emot into the all-too-familiar dramat arc of the holocaust escap stori , minac drain his movi of all individu .
an infuri film .
just when you think you are make sens of it , someth happen that tell you there is no sens .
the entir movi is so formula and forgett that it 's hard over befor it begin to fade from memori .
the set turn out to be more interest than ani of the charact drama , which never reach satisfi conclus .
as an entertain destin for the general public , kung pow set a new benchmark for lame .
this misty-ey southern nostalgia piec , in tread the line between sappi and sanguin , wind up mire in tear-drench quicksand .
as pure over-the-top trash , ani john water movi has it beat by a countri mile .
wendigo want to be a monster movi for the art-hous crowd , but it fall into the trap of pretent almost everi time .
bigelow offer some flashi twist and turn that occasion fortifi this turgid fabl .
but for the most part , the weight of water come off as a two-way time-switch myopic mysteri that stall in it lacklust gear of emot bland .
this film biggest problem ?
no laugh .
less-than-compel documentari of a yiddish theater clan .
that the chuck norri `` grenad gag '' occur about 7 time dure windtalk is a good indic of how serious-mind the film is .
viewer are ask so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's perform , the film would be a total washout .
it 's not exact worth the buck to expend the full price for a date , but when it come out on video , it 's well worth a rental .
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolut unamus , how thorough unreward all of this is , and what a reckless squander of four fine act talent ...
everybodi love a david and goliath stori , and this one is told almost entir from david 's point of view .
throw smoochi from the train !
eventu , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your sens are as mushi as pea and you do n't care who fire the win shot .
irwin and his director never come up with an adequ reason whi we should pay money for what we can get on televis for free .
a light , engag comedi that fumbl away almost all of it accumul enjoy with a crucial third act miscalcul .
cedar somewhat defus this provoc theme by submerg it in a hoari love triangl .
to paraphras a line from anoth dicken ' novel , nichola nicklebi is too much like a fragment of an underdon potato .
the actress may have work up a back stori for the women they portray so convinc , but viewer do n't get enough of that background for the charact to be involv as individu rather than type .
the result , howev well-intent , is iron just the sort of dispos , kitchen-sink homag that illustr whi the whole is so often less than the sum of it part in today 's hollywood .
an extrem unpleas film .
a movi just for friday fan , critic be damn .
if you alreadi like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .
a sincer but dramat conflict gay coming-of-ag tale .
wait for it to hit cabl .
ultim feel like just one more in the long line of film this year about the busi of make movi .
noth but one relentless depress situat after anoth for it entir run time , someth that you could easili be deal with right now in your live .
77 minut of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seem like it doe .
my onli wish is that celebi could take me back to a time befor i saw this movi and i could just skip it .
the one not-so-smal problem with expect is that the entir exercis has no real point .
a movi you observ , rather than one you enter into .
-lrb- at least -rrb- moor is a real charmer .
john carlen 's script is full of unhappi , two-dimension charact who are anyth but compel .
labut ca n't avoid a fatal mistak in the modern era : he 's chang the male academ from a lower-class brit to an american , a choic that upset the novel 's exquisit balanc and shred the fabric of the film .
the notion of delet emot from peopl , even in an advanc prozac nation , is so insan dysfunct that the rampant design equilibrium becom a concept doofus .
stale first act , scroog stori , blatant product placement , some veri good comed song , strong finish , dumb fart joke .
unsurpris , the way this all work out make the women look more like stereotyp caretak and moral teacher , instead of serious athlet .
a film that lose sight of it own stori .
adam sandler 's eight crazi night grow on you -- like a rash .
the big-screen scoobi make the silli origin cartoon seem smart and well-craft in comparison .
few of the increas far-fetch event that first-tim writer-director neil burger follow up with are terribl convinc , which is a piti , consid barri 's terrif perform .
get better after foster leav that littl room .
the movi is as pad as allen 's jelli belli .
resid evil is n't a product of it cinemat predecessor so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstat cocktail .
a rather averag action film that benefit from sever funni moment suppli by epp .
... unspeak , unbear dull , featur ream of flat deliv dialogu and a heroin who come across as both shallow and dim-wit .
resembl a soft porn brian de palma pastich .
bluto blutarski , we miss you .
innocu enough to make even jean-claud van damm look good .
it 's a glorifi sitcom , and a long , unfunni one at that .
woodi allen can write and deliv a one liner as well as anybodi .
but i had a lot of problem with this movi .
devoid of ani of the qualiti that made the first film so special .
all movi long , citi by the sea swing from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stay in formula -- which is a wast of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actor in the cast .
plotless collect of moron stunt is by far the worst movi of the year .
howev sincer it may be , the rise place never quit justifi it own exist .
parker updat the set in an attempt to make the film relev today , without fulli understand what it was that made the stori relev in the first place .
it 's sort of a 21st centuri moral play with a latino hip hop beat .
but the second half of the movi realli goe downhil .
paxton 's uneven directori debut fail to unlock the full potenti of what is in mani way a fresh and dramat substanti spin on the genr .
the script becom lifeless and fall apart like a cheap lawn chair .
the script fall back on too mani tried-and-tru shenanigan that hard distinguish it from the next teen comedi .
the film start promis , but the end is all too predict and far too clich to realli work .
let 's issu a moratorium , effect immedi , on treac film about inspir prep-school professor and the children they so heartwarm motiv .
it 's the element of condescens , as the filmmak look down on their working-class subject from their lofti perch , that final make sex with stranger , which open today in the new york metropolitan area , so distast .
altern frustrat and reward .
it 's imposs to even categor this as a smutti guilti pleasur .
despit suffer a sense-of-humour failur , the man who wrote rocki doe not deserv to go down with a ship as leaki as this .
swing , the film make it seem , is not a hobbi that attract the young and fit .
or intellig .
the most memor moment was when green threw medic equip at a window not becaus it was particular funni , but becaus i had a serious urg to grab the old ladi at the end of my aisl 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustrat .
see clockstopp if you have noth better to do with 94 minut .
but be warn , you too may feel time has decid to stand still .
or that the batteri on your watch has die .
suffer from over-familiar sinc hit-hungri british filmmak have strip-min the monti formula merciless sinc 1997 .
there are enough throwaway refer to faith and rainbow to plant smile-button face on that segment of the populac that made a walk to rememb a nich hit .
yes , i have given this movi a rate of zero .
but fan of the show should not consid this a diss .
consid it ` perfect . '
the cumul effect of the movi is repuls and depress .
children and adult enamor of all thing pokemon wo n't be disappoint .
i do n't even care that there 's no plot in this antonio banderas-luci liu faceoff .
it 's still terribl !
children of the centuri , though well dress and well made , ultim fall prey to the contradict that afflict so mani movi about writer .
it 's not so much a movi as a joint promot for the nation basketbal associ and teenag rap and adolesc poster-boy lil ' bow wow .
peralta 's mythmak could have use some inform , adult hindsight .
a close-to-solid espionag thriller with the misfortun of be releas a few decad too late .
cloak a familiar anti-feminist equat -lrb- career - kid = miseri -rrb- in tiresom romantic-comedi dud .
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeni but the result are underwhelm .
just a collect of this and that -- whatev fill time -- with no unifi whole .
the anim and game phenomenon that peak about three year ago is actual die a slow death , if the poor qualiti of pokemon 4 ever is ani indic .
onli about as sexi and danger as an actress in a role that remind at everi turn of elizabeth berkley 's flop dolphin-gasm .
kid who are into this thornberri stuff will probabl be in wedgi heaven .
anyon els who may , for whatev reason , be think about go to see this movi is herebi given fair warn .
mr. soderbergh 's direct and visual style struck me as unusu and unimpress fussi and pretenti .
do you say `` hi '' to your lover when you wake up in the morn ?
it make me feel weird \/ think about all the bad thing in the world \/ like puppi with broken leg \/ and butterfli that die \/ and movi star pop queen
director tom dey demonstr a knack for mix action and idiosyncrat humor in his charm 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtim 's uninspir send-up of tv cop show clich most leav him shoot blank .
` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . '
a wild errat drama with sequenc that make you winc in embarrass and other , thank to the actor , that are quit touch .
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-consci and grate irrit film , it 's still taint by clich , pain improb and murki point .
about as enjoy , i would imagin , as search for a quarter in a giant pile of eleph fece ... posit dread .
a generic intern version of a typic american horror film .
... while certain clever in spot , this too-long , spoofi updat of shakespear 's macbeth doe n't sustain a high enough level of invent .
luca has in fact come closer than anyon could desir to the cheap , graceless , hackney sci-fi serial of the 30s and 40s .
there 's a lot of good materi here , but there 's also a lot of redund and unsuccess crude accompani it .
absurd and clich accumul like lint in a fat man 's navel .
if you think it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's cloth , then you ll enjoy the hot chick .
the sheer dumb of the plot -lrb- other than it one good idea -rrb- and the movi 's inescap air of sleazi get you down .
strang come off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
the next big thing 's not-so-big -lrb- and not-so-hot -rrb- directori debut .
yet anoth iter of what 's becom one of the movi ' creepiest convent , in which the development disabl are portray with almost supernatur power to humbl , teach and ultim redeem their mental `` superior '' friend , famili ...
bond-inspir ?
certain .
like to have decad of life as a classic movi franchis ?
let 's hope not .
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsi is so poor pace you could fit all of pooti tang in between it punchlin .
davi has energi , but she doe n't bother to make her heroin 's book sound convinc , the gender-war idea origin , or the comic scene fli .
surpris , consid that baird is a former film editor , the movi is rather choppi .
none of this is veri origin , and it is n't particular funni .
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
a humorless journey into a philosoph void .
these two are generat about as much chemistri as an iraqi factori pois to receiv a un inspector .
just as the lousi tarantino imit have subsid , here come the first lousi guy ritchi imit .
a passabl romant comedi , in need of anoth coupl of pass through the word processor .
the movi attempt to mine laugh from a genr -- the gangster\/crim comedi -- that wore out it welcom with audienc sever year ago , and it cutesi relianc on movie-specif clich is n't exact endear .
show holm has the screen presenc to becom a major-leagu lead ladi , -lrb- but -rrb- the movi itself is an underachiev , a psycholog mysteri that take it sweet time build to a climax that 's scarc a surpris by the time it arriv .
ultim ... the movi is too headi for children , and too preachi for adult .
it 's just a littl too self-satisfi .
clever but not especi compel .
mckay seem embarrass by his own invent and tri to rush through the intermediari passag , appar hope that the audienc will not notic the glare trite of the plot devic he has put in servic .
a piec of mild entertain , inoffens fluff that drift aimless for 90 minut befor lodg in the crack of that ever-grow categori : unembarrass but unmemor .
labut was more fun when his charact were tortur each other psycholog and talk about their genit in public .
the movi weigh no more than a glass of flat champagn .
the problem with antwon fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwon fisher base on the book by antwon fisher .
alarm for duval 's throb sincer and his elder propens for pat peopl while he talk .
what littl grace -lrb- rifkin 's -rrb- tale of precari skid-row digniti achiev is push into the margin by predict plot and tiresom histrion .
tri to work in the same vein as the brillianc of anim hous but instead come closer to the failur of the third reveng of the nerd sequel .
unfortun , kapur modern a.e.w. mason 's stori to suit the sensibl of a young american , a decis that pluck `` the four feather '' bare .
... what a banal bore the preachi circuit turn out to be
falsehood pile up , undermin the movi 's realiti and stifl it creator 's comic voic .
a mechan action-comedi whose seem purpos is to market the charismat jacki chan to even younger audienc .
one of the most incoher featur in recent memori .
low rent from frame one .
eight leg freak ?
no big hairi deal .
the issu are present in such a lousi way , complet with some of the year 's -lrb- unintent -rrb- funniest moment , that it 's imposs to care .
laggard drama wend it way to an uninspir philosoph epiphani .
the respect charm of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbar .
` this movi suck . '
none of this so-cal satir has ani sting to it , as if woodi is afraid of bite the hand that has final , to some extent , warm up to him .
a few nonbeliev may rethink their attitud when they see the joy the charact take in this creed , but skeptic are n't like to enter the theater .
bad in such a bizarr way that it 's almost worth see , if onli to wit the crazi confluenc of purpos and tast .
there 's more repetit than creativ throughout the movi .
hugh grant 's act is so consum that sometim it 's difficult to tell who the other actor in the movi are .
although the sequel has all the outward element of the origin , the first film 's love flaki is gone , replac by the forc funni found in the dullest kiddi flick .
i ve had more interest -- and , dare i say , themat complex -- bowel movement than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercis in gimmicki crime drama .
what we get ... is caddyshack cross with the loyal order of raccoon .
the joke are flat , and the action look fake .
when a movi ask you to feel sorri for mick jagger 's sex life , it alreadi has one strike against it .
there are now two sign that m. night shyamalan 's debut featur suck up all he has to give to the mystic genr of cinema : unbreak and sign .
... hokey art hous pretens .
... a weak and ineffect ghost stori without a conclus or pay off .
gussi up with so mani distract special effect and visual parti trick that it 's not clear whether we re suppos to shriek or laugh .
plod , poor written , murki and weak act , the pictur feel as if everyon make it lost their movi mojo .
this is a fudg opportun of gigant proport -- a lunar mission with no sign of life .
a baffl subplot involv smuggl drug insid danish cow fall flat , and if you re go to alter the bard 's end , you 'd better have a good altern .
soderbergh seem capabl onli of deliv art light , earnest inquiri that lack the kind of genuin depth that would make them redeem .
the onli thing that distinguish a randal wallac film from ani other is the fact that there is noth distinguish in a randal wallac film .
silli stuff , all mix up togeth like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quit distinguish one sci-fi work from anoth .
there is so much plod sensit .
the town has kind of an authent feel , but each one of these peopl stand out and everybodi els is in the background and it just seem manufactur to me and artifici .
... too sappi for it own good .
circuit queen wo n't learn a thing , they ll be too busi curs the film 's strateg place white sheet .
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .
as the mediterranean sparkl , ` swept away ' sink .
everi so often a film come along that is so insan stupid , so aw in so mani way that watch it leav you giddi .
half past dead is just such an achiev .
expand to 65 minut for theatric releas , it still feel somewhat unfinish .
it all look and play like a $ 40 million version of a game you re more like to enjoy on a comput .
-lrb- javier bardem is -rrb- one of the few reason to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drench in swooni music and fever-pitch melodrama .
feel shrill , simpl and soapi .
adult , other than the parent ... will be hard press to succumb to the call of the wild .
bradi achiev the remark feat of squander a topnotch foursom of actor ... by shove them into everi clich white-trash situat imagin .
in the name of an alleg inspir and easili market flick , the emperor 's club turn a blind eye to the veri histori it pretend to teach .
no amount of blood and disintegr vampir cadav can obscur this movi 's lack of idea .
a direct-to-void releas , head nowher .
typic anim , with cheapo anim -lrb- like saturday morn tv in the 60s -rrb- , a complex sword-and-sorceri plot and charact who all have big round eye and japanes name .
below is well below expect .
at no point dure k-19 : the widowmak did this viewer feel envelop in a stori that , though meant to be univers in it theme of loyalti , courag and dedic to a common goal , never seem to leav the lot .
... standard gun versus martial art clich with littl new ad .
empir ca n't make up it mind whether it want to be a gangster flick or an art film .
it doe n't work as either .
given the fact that virtual no one is bound to show up at theatr for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
possess is in the end an honor , interest failur .
it fall far short of poetri , but it 's not bad prose .
jonathan parker 's bartlebi should have been the be-all-end-al of the modern-offic anomi film .
there may have been a good film in `` troubl everi day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .
unfortun , carvey 's rubber-fac routin is no match for the insipid script he has craft with harri goldberg .
view as a comedi , a romanc , a fairi tale , or a drama , there 's noth remot triumphant about this motion pictur .
there 's someth unintent comic in the film 's drumbeat about authent , given the stale plot and pornograph way the film revel in swank apart , cloth and parti .
the master of disguis is funni -- not `` ha ha '' funni , `` dead circus perform '' funni .
and for all the wrong reason besid .
a zippi 96 minut of mediocr special effect , hoari dialogu , flux accent , and -- worst of all -- silly-look morlock .
a 75-minut sampl of pueril rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anyth resembl humor .
you leav feel like you ve endur a long workout without your puls ever race .
the waterlog script plumb unchart depth of stupid , incoher and sub-sophomor sexual banter .
with mcconaughey in an entir irony-fre zone and bale reduc main to bat his sensit eyelid , there 's not enough intellig , wit or innov on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
it 's the type of stunt the academi love : a power polit messag stuf into an otherwis mediocr film .
in theori , a middle-ag romanc pair clayburgh and tambor sound promis , but in practic it 's someth els altogeth -- clownish and offens and noth at all like real life .
so mind-numb aw that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movi are concern .
the imag are usual abbrevi in favor of mushi obvious and telegraph patho , particular where whitak 's misfit artist is concern .
if well was unhappi at the prospect of the human race split in two , he probabl would n't be too crazi with his great-grandson 's movi split up in pretti much the same way .
set anim back 30 year , music back 40 year and judaism back at least 50 .
weird , broomfield has compel new materi but he doe n't unveil it until the end , after endless scene of him wheedl reluct wit and point his camera through the smear windshield of his rental car .
might best be enjoy as a daytim soaper .
eventu arriv at it heart , as simpl self-reflect medit .
a showcas for both the scenic splendor of the mountain and for legendari actor michel serrault , the film is less success on other level .
boy oh boy , it 's a howler .
a few piec of the film buzz and whir veri littl of it actual click .
the thing just never get off the ground .
... contain veri few laugh and even less surpris .
the actor must inde be good to recit some of this laughabl dialogu with a straight face .
most of the storylin feel like time filler between surf shot .
the movi is n't horribl , but you can see mediocr crest on the next wave .
howev stale the materi , lawrenc 's deliveri remain perfect his great gift is that he can actual trick you into think some of this worn-out , pander palav is actual funni .
there 's noth remot topic or sexi here .
the tuxedo was n't just bad it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portion of bad ' .
blue crush is so prolong and bore it is n't even close to be the barn-burn bad movi it promis it would be .
the sequel play out like a flimsi excus to give blade fan anoth look at wesley snipe ' icon hero do battl with dozen of bad guy -- at onc .
while van wilder may not be the worst nation lampoon film , it 's far from be this generat 's anim hous .
so devoid of pleasur or sensual that it can not even be dub hedonist .
reek of rot and hack work from start to finish .
an exhaust famili drama about a porcelain empir and just as hard a flick as it subject matter .
woodi allen has realli found his groov these day .
the problem is that it is one that allow him to churn out one mediocr movi after anoth .
the bland outweigh the nifti , and cleti tout never becom the clever crime comedi it think it is .
it 's such a mechan endeavor -lrb- that -rrb- it never bother to question whi somebodi might devot time to see it .
the art direct is often exquisit , and the anthropomorph anim charact are beauti realiz through clever makeup design , leav one to hope that the eventu dvd releas will offer subtitl and the origin italian-languag soundtrack .
if the predict of bland comfort food appeal to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
ultim , in the histori of the academi , peopl may be wonder what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .
zellweg 's whini pouty-lip poof face and spind attempt at play an ingenu make her nomin as best actress even more of a an a a serious bad film with serious warp logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .
a pleasant and engag enough sit , but in tri to have the best of both world it end up fall short as a whole .
it plot and anim offer daytim tv servic , but littl more .
a tire , unimagin and deriv variat of that already-shallow genr .
human natur , in short , is n't near as funni as it think it is neither is it as smart .
a film with a great premis but onli a great premis .
instead of build to a laugh riot we are left with a hand of dispar funni moment of no real consequ .
kirshner and monro seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
-lrb- kirshner win , but it 's close . -rrb-
a lame romant comedi about an unsympathet charact and someon who would not like be so stupid as to get involv with her .
what start out as a taut contest of will between bacon and theron , deterior into a protract and borderlin silli chase sequenc .
-lrb- sam 's -rrb- self-flagel is more depress than entertain .
an ugli , pointless , stupid movi .
simpli put , there should have been a more compel excus to pair susan sarandon and goldi hawn .
the master of disguis repres adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the univers .
this is an ungain movi , ill-fit , with it elbow stick out where the knee should be .
too silli to take serious .
the inevit doubl - and triple-cross aris , but the onli drama is in wait to hear how john malkovich 's reedi consiglier will pronounc his next line .
everyth 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sad -- dull .
i like it .
no , i hate it .
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno .
this mess of a movi is noth short of a travesti of a transvestit comedi .
it 's clot with heavy-hand symbol , dime-stor psycholog and endless scenic shot that make 105 minut seem twice as long .
a fifti car pileup of clich .
it 's a stale , overus cocktail use the same oliv sinc 1962 as garnish .
not onli is entri number twenti the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entir franchis .
what ultim make windtalk a disappoint is the superfici way it deal with it stori .
as an actor 's showcas , hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-bil willi is not the most impress player .
as a stori of dramat enlighten , the screenplay by billi ray and terri georg leav someth to be desir .
a non-britney person might surviv a screen with littl harm done , except mayb for the last 15 minut , which are as maudlin as ani after-school special you can imagin .
it 's not hate .
it 's simpli stupid , irrelev and deepli , truli , bottomless cynic .
possibl not sinc grumpi old men have i heard a film so solid connect with one demograph while strike out with anoth .
the drama was so uninspir that even a stori immers in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attent .
a rather tire exercis in nostalgia .
the miseri of these peopl becom just anoth voyeurist spectacl , to be consum and forgotten .
some bodi often look like an episod of the tv show blind date , onli less technic profici and without the pop-up comment .
bad compani has one of the most moron screenplay of the year , full of hole that will be obvious even to those who are n't look for them .
predecessor the mummi and the mummi return stand as intellectu masterpiec next to the scorpion king .
a mark inact film , citi is convers border on confession .
while kid will probabl eat the whole thing up , most adult will be way ahead of the plot .
despit an impress roster of star and direct from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppress heavi .
we ve like klein 's other work but rollerbal left us cold .
they were afraid to show this movi to review befor it open , afraid of the bad review they thought they 'd earn .
they were right .
it would be churlish to begrudg anyon for receiv whatev consol that can be found in dragonfli , yet it is imposs to find the film anyth but appal , shameless manipul and contriv , and total lack in convict .
offer no new insight on the matter , nor do it charact exact spring to life .
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentari , but he feel like a spectat and not a particip .
appar design as a reveri about memori and regret , but the onli thing you ll regret is rememb the experi of sit through it .
a 94-minut travesti of unparallel proport , writer-director parker seem to go out of his way to turn the legendari wit 's classic mistaken ident farc into brutal labor and unfunni hokum .
guy get girl , guy lose girl , audienc fall asleep .
too ordinari to restor -lrb- harmon -rrb- to promin , despit some creepi scene that evok childish night terror , and a praiseworthi attempt to generat suspens rather than gross out the audienc .
stir potenti entic ingredi into an uneasi blend of ghost and close encount of the third kind .
the weird thing about the santa claus 2 , purport a children 's movi , is that there is noth in it to engag children emot .
it 's pretenti in a way that verg on the amateurish .
contain the humor , character , poignanc , and intellig of a bad sitcom .
it doe n't matter that the film is less than 90 minut .
it still feel like a prison stretch .
part a schmaltzi , by-the-numb romant comedi , part a shallow rumin on the empti of success -- and entir soulless .
ong choos to present ah na 's life as a slight , weightless fairi tale , whose most unpleas detail seem to melt away in the face of the charact 's blank-fac optim .
the overal feel is not unlik watch a glorifi episod of `` 7th heaven . ''
just a kiss is a just a wast .
... this is n't even a movi we can enjoy as mild escap it is one in which fear and frustrat are provok to intoler level .
frank , it 's kind of insult , both to men and women .
and it 's not that funni -- which is just general insult .
as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equal deris clunker is fixat on the spectacl of small-town competit .
a wretch movi that reduc the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
this is a remak by the number , link a halfwit plot to a seri of standup routin in which wilson and murphi show how funni they could have been in a more ambiti movi .
it 's better than mid-rang steven seagal , but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblad .
there 's a reason whi halftim is onli fifteen minut long .
the talk-heavi film play like one of robert altman 's lesser work .
as happili glib and vicious as it charact .
one of those film that start with a great premis and then just fell apart .
no better or wors than ` truth or consequ , n.m. ' or ani other interchang action with imbecil mafia toolbag botch a routin assign in a western backwat .
-lrb- macdowel -rrb- ventur beyond her abil sever time here and reveal how bad an actress she is .
i can imagin this movi as a b & w british comedi , circa 1960 , with peter seller , kenneth william , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movi is hopeless .
talki , artifici and opaqu ... an interest technic exercis , but a tedious pictur .
kuri never show whi , of all the period 's volatil romant live , sand and musset are worth particular attent .
almost noth els -- raunchi and graphic as it may be in present -- is one-sid , outward sexist or mean-spirit .
and in a sens , that 's a liabil .
it 's easi to love robin tunney -- she 's pretti and she can act -- but it get harder and harder to understand her choic .
if you ve got a hous full of tot -- do n't worri , this will be on video long befor they grow up and you can wait till then .
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherri orchard put the ` ick ' in ` classic . ' has an uppiti music beat that you can danc to , but it energi ca n't compar to the wit , humor and snappi dialogu of the origin .
if i want music , i ll buy the soundtrack .
if i want a real movi , i ll buy the criterion dvd .
an unremark , modern action\/comedi buddi movi whose onli nod to nostalgia is in the titl .
has all the right element but complet fail to gel togeth .
writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fat mistak of be what the english call ` too clever by half . '
seagal ran out of movi year ago , and this is just the proof .
the movi is so contriv , nonsens and formula that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropri locat to store it .
an awkward garish showcas that diverg from anyth remot probe or penetr .
the name say it all .
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-look version of candid camera stage for the marqui de sade set .
children , christian or otherwis , deserv to hear the full stori of jonah 's despair -- in all it agon , catch-22 glori -- even if they spend year tri to comprehend it .
pleasant but not more than recycl jock piffl .
... the kind of movi you see becaus the theater has air condit .
with zoe clarke-william 's lacklust thriller `` new best friend '' , who need enemi ?
just anoth generic drama that has noth go for it other than it exploit array of obligatori cheap thrill .
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefi absurd .
an uneven mix of dark satir and childhood awaken .
asid from show us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there 's littl to be learn from watch ` comedian '
a perfect accept , perfect bland , compet act but by no mean scari horror movi .
the film would have been more enjoy had the balanc shift in favor of water-bound action over the land-bas ` drama , ' but the emphasi on the latter leav blue crush waterlog .
the problem is the needless poor qualiti of it archiv print and film footag .
the imag lack contrast , are murki and are frequent too dark to be decipher .
like a soft drink that 's been sit open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
as the movi drag on , i thought i heard a mysteri voic , and felt myself power drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
i have return from the beyond to warn you : this movi is 90 minut long , and life is too short .
there are some fair unsettl scene , but they never succeed in realli rattl the viewer .
the emperor 's club is one of those film that possess all the good intent in the world , but ...
in the end , the weight of water come to resembl the kind of soft-cor twaddl you 'd expect to see on showtim 's ` red shoe diari . '
a straight-ahead thriller that never rise abov superfici .
glizti but formula and silli ... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replac by the bottom of the barrel .
the re - enact , howev fascin they may be as histori , are too crude to serv the work especi well .
is anyon els out there get tire of the whole slo-mo , double-pistol , ballistic-pyrotechn hong kong action aesthet ?
onc again , director chris columbus take a hat-in-hand approach to rowl that stifl creativ and allow the film to drag on for near three hour .
serv sara is littl more than a mall movi design to kill time .
too smart to ignor but a littl too smug superior to like , this could be a movi that end up slap it target audienc in the face by shoot itself in the foot .
a well-mad but emot scatter film whose hero give his heart onli to the dog .
the most repugn adapt of a classic text sinc roland joff and demi moor 's the scarlet letter .
the isol moment of creativ insan final are lost in the thin soup of can humor .
as a movi , it never seem fresh and vital .
it never play as dramat even when dramat thing happen to peopl .
it labour as storytel .
the adventur of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
a realli good premis is fritter away in middle-of-the-road bland .
lawrenc should stick to his day job .
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
despit the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was go to be , it 's still not a good movi
a well made indieflick in need of some trim and a more chemistri between it star .
i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teen poke their genit into fruit pie !
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romant nor comed , neither warm nor fuzzi .
tiresom deriv and hammili act .
we never truli come to care about the main charact and whether or not they ll wind up togeth , and michel 's spiritu quest is neither amus nor dramat enough to sustain interest .
the plot grow thin soon , and you find yourself pray for a quick resolut .
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
rice is too pedestrian a filmmak to bring ani edg or person to the rise place that would set it apart from other deep south stori .
at best , cleti tout might inspir a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movi experi .
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiot .
not realli a thriller so much as a movi for teen to laugh , groan and hiss at .
as plain and pedestrian as catsup --
an improv on the feebl exampl of big-screen poke-mania that have preced it .
i know we re not suppos to take it serious , but i ca n't shake the thought that undercov brother miss an opportun to strong present some profound social commentari .
your stomach for heaven depend larg on your appetit for can corn .
a pictur as errat as it central charact .
whatev satir lucki break was aim for , it certain got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgett '' section of the quirki rip-off prison romp pile .
it 's petti thieveri like this that put flimsi flick like this behind bar
the packag in which this fascin -- and time -- content come wrap is disappoint generic .
guy say mean thing and shoot a lot of bullet .
some of the charact die and other do n't , and the film pretend that those live have learn some sort of lesson , and , realli , nobodi in the view audienc care .
wild incompet but brilliant name half past dead -- or for seagal pessimist : total past his prime .
just anoth combin of bad anim and mindless violenc ... lack the slightest bit of wit or charm .
all the movi 's narrat gymnast ca n't disguis the fact that it 's inauthent at it core and that it stori just is n't worth tell .
much like it easili dismiss take on the upscal lifestyl , there is n't much there here .
the film ultim offer noth more than peopl in an urban jungl need other peopl to surviv ...
for all it shoot-out , fistfight , and car chase , this movi is a phlegmat bore , so tedious it make the silli spi vs. spi film the sum of all fear , star ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
this mild-mann farc , direct by one of it writer , john c. walsh , is corni in a way that bespeak an expir date pass a long time ago .
a bit too eager to pleas .
you 'd be hard put to find a movi charact more unattract or odor -lrb- than leon -rrb- .
kapur 's contradictori feel about his materi result in a movi that work against itself .
`` the road pave with good intent lead to the video store ''
anim drivel meant to enhanc the self-imag of drool idiot .
one scene after anoth in this suppos funni movi fall to the floor with a sicken thud .
` the chateau is never quit abl to overcom the cultur moat surround it ludicr and contriv plot . '
meyj focus too much on max when he should be fill the screen with this tortur , dull artist and monster-in-th - make .
jacobi , the most fluent of actor , is given relat dri materi from nijinski 's write to perform , and the visual , even erot frank one , becom dull repetit .
crudup 's screen presenc is the one thing that hold interest in the midst of a mushi , existenti explor of whi men leav their famili .
there is one surefir way to get a nomin for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movi about whimsic folk who learn a nonchalleng , life-affirm lesson while walk around a foreign citi with stun architectur .
despit terrif special effect and funnier gag , harri potter and the chamber of secret find a way to make j.k. rowl 's marvel seri into a dead bore .
an incred narrow in-jok target to the tiniest segment of an alreadi obscur demograph .
the onli thing i laugh at were the peopl who paid to see it .
all of the element are in place for a great film noir , but director georg hickenloop 's approach to the materi is too upbeat .
the hackney stori about an affluent damsel in distress who decid to fight her bulli of a husband is simpli too overdon .
the phone ring and a voic tell you you ve got seven day left to live .
then you get anoth phone call warn you that if the video is n't back at blockbust befor midnight , you re go to face frighten late fee .
o.k. , not realli .
possibl the most irrespons pictur ever releas by a major film studio .
the film 's overal mood and focus is interest but constant unfulfil .
... a cheap , ludicr attempt at serious horror .
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most like doze off dure this one .
befuddl in it character as it begin to seem as long as the two year affair which is it subject
from begin to end , this overh melodrama play like a student film .
the movi would seem less of a trifl if ms. sugarman follow through on her defianc of the saccharin .
it 's just not veri smart .
like the excruci end of day , collater damag present schwarzenegg as a tragic figur , but sympathi realli belong with ani viewer forc to watch him tri out so mani complic facial express .
imagin -lrb- if possibl -rrb- a pasolini film without passion or polit , or an almodovar movi without beauti or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experi of watch o fantasma .
in tri to be dare and origin , it come off as onli occasion satir and never fresh .
90 punit minut of eardrum-d gunplay , screeching-met smashup , and flaccid odd-coupl snipe .
sad , though mani of the actor throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generat enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedi to start a reaction .
never capit on this concept and opt for the breezi and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of toler .
after a while , hoffman 's quirk and manner , particular his penchant for tear up on cue -- thing that seem so real in small dose -- becom annoy and artifici .
this wretch unfunni wannab comedi is inan and aw - no doubt , it 's the worst movi i ve seen this summer .
it 's drab .
it 's uninterest .
it squander chan 's uniqu it could even be said to squander jennif love hewitt !
the movi keep come back to the ach unfunni phonc and his sever silli subplot .
this tale has been told and retold the race and racket chang , but the song remain the same .
a surpris flat retread , hobbl by half-bak setup and sluggish pace .
forget the psycholog 101 studi of romant obsess and just watch the process of costum in castl and this wo n't seem like such a bore .
a film that should be releg to a dark video store corner is somehow make it way instead to theater .
it 's hard to imagin act that could be ani flatter .
new way of describ bad need to be invent to describ exact how bad it is .
lot of effort and intellig are on display but in execut it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumbl .
when cower and beg at the feet a scruffi giannini , madonna give her best perform sinc abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his danger game .
i suspect that there are more interest way of deal with the subject .
the film itself is about someth veri interest and odd that would probabl work better as a real documentari without the insinu of mediocr act or a fair trite narrat .
an unintent parodi of everi teen movi made in the last five year .
onli for young children , if them .
their parent would do well to cram earplug in their ear and put pillowcas over their head for 87 minut .
for all it violenc , the movi is remark dull with onli cain make much of an impress .
no matter how firm director john stainton has his tongu in his cheek , the fact remain that a wacki concept doe not a movi make .
a sub-formula slap in the face to season cheer .
the action is reason well-don ... yet stori , charact and comedi bit are too rag to ever fit smooth togeth .
sever uninterest , unlik peopl do bad thing to and with each other in `` unfaith . ''
whi anyon who is not a charact in this movi should care is beyond me .
hill look to be go through the motion , begin with the pale script .
howard conjur the past via surrealist flourish so overwrought you 'd swear he just step out of a BuÃ±uel retrospect .
the best thing that can be said of the pictur is that it doe have a few cute moment .
it 's not a bad premis , just a bad movi .
an alreadi thin stori boil down to surviv invad seek an exist anti-virus .
if onli there were one for this kind of movi .
by the time the surpris end is reveal , interest can not be reviv .
the heedless impetu of youth is on full , irrit display in -lrb- this -rrb- meander and pointless french coming-of-ag import from writer-director anne-sophi birot .
a peculiar misfir that even tunney ca n't save .
watch queen of the damn is like read a research paper , with special effect toss in .
i ca n't rememb the last time i saw wors stunt edit or cheaper action movi product valu than in extrem op .
too much of nemesi has a tire , talki feel .
i felt trap and with no obvious escap for the entir 100 minut .
when mr. hundert tell us in his narrat that ` this is a stori without surpris , ' we nod in agreement .
leav us wonder less about it idea and more about it character of hitler and the contriv natur of it provoc conclus .
it is that rare combin of bad write , bad direct and bad act -- the trifecta of bad .
each scene wreak of routin the film never manag to generat a singl threat of suspens .
a soulless jumbl of inept assembl clich and pabulum that play like a 95-minut commerci for nba properti .
borstal boy repres the worst kind of filmmak , the kind that pretend to be passion and truth but is realli frustrat timid and soggi .
the film 's lack of person permeat all it aspect -- from the tv movie-esqu , affect child act to the dullest irish pub scene ever film .
work on the whodunit level as it larger theme get lost in the murk of it own make
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women sinc valley of the doll .
4ever has the same sledgehamm appeal as pokemon video , but it breath more on the big screen and induc headach more slowli .
feel like the work of someon who may inde have final age past his prime ... and , perhap more than he realiz , just want to be like by the peopl who can still give him work .
trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesi , too sure of it own import , and possess of that peculiar tension of be too dens & about noth at all .
viewer of barney 's crush self-indulg spectacl will see noth in it to match the ordeal of sit through it .
... it stupid wind up stick in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bit .
sayl ... onc again strand his superb perform in the same old stori .
the piano teacher , like it titl charact , is repel out of control .
i have to admit i walk out of runteldat .
i did go back and check out the last 10 minut , but these were more repuls than the first 30 or 40 minut .
the filmmak lack the nerv ... to fulli exploit the script 's potenti for sick humor .
the film was n't preachi , but it was femin by the book .
... the same tire old gag , modern for the extrem sport generat .
there 's alreadi been too mani of these film ...
sever of steven soderbergh 's earlier film were hail as the work of an artist .
sad , full frontal play like the work of a dilettant .
clockstopp is one of those crazi , mixed-up film that doe n't know what it want to be when it grow up .
although bright , well-act and thought-provok , tuck everlast suffer from a lacon pace and a lack of tradit action .
` the war of the rose , ' trailer-trash style .
entertain but like shoot fish in a barrel .
suppos , pokemon ca n't be kill , but pokemon 4ever practic assur that the pocket monster movi franchis is near readi to keel over .
white has n't develop charact so much as caricatur , one-dimension buffoon that get him a few laugh but noth els .
when you resurrect a dead man , hard copi should come a-knock , no ?
cattaneo should have follow the runaway success of his first film , the full monti , with someth differ .
the film feel formula , it plot and pace typic hollywood war-movi stuff , while the perform elicit more of a sens of deja vu than awe .
this overproduc piec of dreck is shock bad and absolut unnecessari .
hmmm ... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuf himself into an electr pencil sharpen ?
the maker of mothman propheci succeed in produc that most frighten of all movi -- a mediocr horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
mr. deed is not realli a film as much as it is a loos collect of not-so-funni gag , scatter moment of lazi humor .
how this one escap the lifetim network i ll never know .
could n't someon take rob schneider and have him switch bodi with a funni person ?
one of these day hollywood will come up with an origin idea for a teen movi , but until then there 's alway these rehash to feed to the younger generat .
for all it brilliant touch , dragon lose it fire midway , near flicker out by it perfunctori conclus .
i have to admit that i am baffl by jason x.
a mean-spirit film made by someon who sure read the catcher in the rye but clear suffer from dyslexia
instead of a witti expos on the banal and hypocrisi of too much kid-vid , we get an ugli , mean-spirit lash out by an adult who 's appar been forc by his kid to watch too mani barney video .
this is a film live far too much in it own head .
the umpteenth summer skinni dip in jerri bruckheim 's putrid pond of retread action twaddl .
nation lampoon 's van wilder may aim to be the next anim hous , but it more close resembl this year 's version of tomcat .
the film thrust the inchoat but alreadi eldritch christian right propaganda machin into nation media circl .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulg , and - worst of all - bore .
a movi so bad that it quick enter the pantheon of wreckag that includ battlefield earth and showgirl .
more of a career curio than a major work .
it 's just too bad the screenwrit eventu shoot themselv in the feet with cop flick clich like an oili arm dealer , squad car pile-up and the requisit scream captain .
cox is far more concern with aggrand mad , not the man , and the result might drive you crazi .
to be influenc chiefli by human 's greatest shame , realiti show -- realiti show for god 's sake !
-- is a crime that should be punish by chainsaw .
as we have come to learn -- as mani time as we have finger to count on -- jason is a killer who doe n't know the mean of the word ` quit . '
the filmmak might want to look it up .
a frustrat ` tweener ' -- too slick , contriv and exploit for the art hous and too cynic , small and decad for the mall .
what 's surpris about this tradit thriller , moder success but not complet satisfi , is exact how genteel and unsurpris the execut turn out to be .
drown 's too good for this sucker .
an instant forgett snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that like will be upstag by an avalanch of more appeal holiday-season product .
frank , it 's pretti stupid .
i had more fun with ben stiller 's zooland , which i thought was rather clever .
but there 's plenti to offend everyon ...
love liza is a festiv film that would have been better off stay on the festiv circuit .
there are thing to like about murder by number -- but , in the end , the dispar element do n't gel .
... tackl a low-budget movi in which inexperienc children play the two main charact might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industri .
quit frank , i ca n't see whi ani actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch product again if they look at how this movi turn out .
my precious new star war movi is a lumber , wheezi drag ...
the innoc of holiday cheer ai n't what it use to be .
too campi to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedi , vulgar is , truli and thank , a one-of-a-kind work .
horrid littl propaganda film with fascin connect not onli to the serb themselv but also to a network of american right-w extremist .
should have gone straight to video .
it look like an action movi , but it 's so poor made , on all level , that it doe n't even qualifi as a spoof of such .
it is suprem unfunni and unentertain to watch middle-ag and older men drink to excess , piss on tree , b.s. one anoth and put on a show in drag .
consid the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectu and emot pedigre of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admir .
a bore , pretenti muddl that use a sensat , real-lif 19th-centuri crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exact sure what -- and has all the dramat weight of a raindrop .
sheridan had a wonder account to work from , but , curious , he water it down , turn grit and vulner into light read .
heavi with flabbi roll of typic toback machin .
it is veri difficult to care about the charact , and that is the central flaw of the film .
snow dog find it humour in a black man get humili by a pack of dog who are smarter than him
whole stretch of the film may be incomprehens to moviego not alreadi clad in basic black .
reggio and glass so rhapsod cynic , with repetit and languor slo-mo sequenc , that glass 's dirgelik score becom a fang-bar lullabi .
end up offer noth more than the latest schwarzenegg or stallon flick would .
the film make strong argument regard the social status of america 's indigen peopl , but realli onli exist to tri to eke out an emot tug of the heart , one which it fail to get .
charliz chase kevin with a gun .
courtney chase stuart with a cell phone .
the sound of gunfir and cell phone ring .
if the tuxedo actual were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-bas special .
parent bewar this is downright movi penanc .
... a complet shambl of a movi so sloppi , so uneven , so damn unpleas that i ca n't believ ani viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
has noth good to speak about other than the fact that it is relat short , tri it best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
a pathet inan and unimagin cross between xxx and vertic limit .
impecc film , sexual charg , but ultim lack in substanc , not to mention drag down by a leaden close act .
feel at time like a giant commerci for univers studio , where much of the action take place .
while the mysteri unravel , the charact respond by hit on each other .
britney spear ' phoni is noth compar to the movi 's contriv , lame screenplay and listless direct .
everi sequel you skip will be two hour gain .
consid this review life-affirm .
if the movi were all comedi , it might work better .
but it has an ambit to say someth about it subject , but not a willing .
the movi , while beauti , feel labor , with a hint of the write exercis about it .
twenty-thre movi into a most magnific directori career , clint eastwood 's effici minimalist style final has fail him .
big time .
this heist flick about young brooklyn hood is off the shelf after two year to capit on the popular of vin diesel , seth green and barri pepper .
it should have stay there .
the film has a childlik qualiti about it .
but the feel evok in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
the most opaqu , self-indulg and just plain goofi an excus for a movi as you can imagin .
it 's not a film to be taken liter on ani level , but it focus alway appear question .
big fat liar is littl more than home alon rais to a new , self-deprec level .
the movi is gorgeous made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-consci .
the onli time 8 crazi night come close to hit a comed or satir target is dure the offbeat music number .
lose it sens of humor in a vat of fail joke , twitchi act , and general boorish .
there 's a delight quirki movi to be made from curl , but broom is n't it .
the stori suffer a sever case of oversimplif , superfici and silli .
chamber of secret will find million of eager fan .
but if the essenc of magic is it make-believ promis of life that soar abov the materi realm , this is the opposit of a truli magic movi .
too clever by about nine-tenth .
has all the hallmark of a movi design strict for children 's home video , a market so insati it absorb all manner of lame entertain , as long as 3-year-old find it divert .
bear about as much resembl to the experi of most batter women as spider-man doe to the experi of most teenag .
toward the end sum of all fear morph into a mundan 70s disast flick .
director carl franklin , so crisp and econom in one fals move , bog down in genr clich here .
mend still doe n't quit know how to fill a frame .
like the hank charact , he 's a slow studi : the action is stilt and the tabloid energi embalm .
this thing is just garbag .
as crime go , writer-director michael kalesniko 's how to kill your neighbor 's dog is slight but unendur .
there must be an audienc that enjoy the friday seri , but i would n't be interest in know ani of them person .
a bold -lrb- and love -rrb- experi that will almost certain bore most audienc into their own bright color dream .
an uplift , larg bogus stori .
an empti exercis , a florid but ultim vapid crime melodrama with lot of surfac flash but littl emot reson .
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's go on with young tv actor -lrb- dawson leeri did what ?!? -rrb- , or see some interest storytel devic , you might want to check it out , but there 's noth veri attract about this movi .
my own minor report is that it stink .
tri to make head or tail of the stori in the hip-hop indi snipe is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is neglig .
the script is high on squaddi banter , low on shock .
... if you , like me , think an action film disguis as a war tribut is disgust to begin with , then you re in for a pain ride .
while solondz tri and tri hard , storytel fail to provid much more insight than the insid column of a torn book jacket .
with veri littl to add beyond the dark vision alreadi relay by superb recent predecessor like swim with shark and the player , this latest skewer ... may put off insid and outsid alik .
-lrb- davi -rrb- want to caus his audienc an epiphani , yet he refus to give us real situat and charact .
without a fresh infus of creativ , 4ever is neither a promis nor a threat so much as wish think .
... unlik -lrb- scorses 's mean street -rrb- , ash wednesday is essenti devoid of interest charact or even a halfway intrigu plot .
be uniqu doe n't necessarili equat to be good , no matter how admir the filmmak have gone for broke .
a few hour after you ve seen it , you forget you ve been to the movi .
waydowntown may not be an import movi , or even a good one , but it provid a nice chang of mindless pace in collis with the hot oscar season current underway .
yes , i suppos it 's love that cal work out his issu with his dad and come to term with his picture-perfect life -- but world travel gave me no reason to care , so i did n't .
shadyac , who belong with the damn for perpetr patch adam , trot out everi ghost trick from the sixth sens to the mothman propheci .
the photograph 's show-don ` t-tell stanc is admir , but it can make him a problemat documentari subject .
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoop to have charact drop their pant for laugh and not the last time she fail to provok them .
i 'd be hard press to think of a film more cloy sappi than evelyn this year .
noth more than an amiabl but unfocus bagatell that play like a loosely-connect string of acting-workshop exercis .
meander between it power moment .
what remain is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoy , though less angri version of the irrespons sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voic of the star of road trip .
a backhand ode to femal camaraderi pen by a man who has littl clue about either the natur of women or of friendship .
pure of intent and passabl divert , his secret life is light , innocu and unremark .
... deliv few moment of inspir amid the bland anim and simplist stori .
take away the controversi , and it 's not much more watchabl than a mexican soap opera .
it 's got the brawn , but not the brain .
mindless and bore martial art and gunplay with too littl excit and zero compel storylin .
a lot of talent is wast in this crass , low-wattag endeavor .
to show these charact in the act and give them no feel of remors -- and to cut repeat to the flashback of the origin rape -- is overkil to the highest degre .
-lrb- t -rrb- oo mani of these gross out scene ...
about one in three gag in white 's intermitt wise script hit it mark the rest are pad unasham appropri from the teen-exploit playbook .
littl is done to support the premis other than fling gag at it to see which one shtick .
reno doe what he can in a thankless situat , the film ricochet from humor to violenc and back again , and ryoko hirosu make us wonder if she is alway like that .
if jew were cathol , this would be catech
one of those film that seem tailor made to air on pay cabl to offer some modest amus when one has noth els to watch .
the big end surpris almost save the movi .
it 's too bad that the rest is n't more compel .
charm , if over complic ...
schneider 's mug is relentless and his constant need to sudden transpos himself into anoth charact undermin the stori 's continu and progress .
all veri stylish and beauti photograph , but far more troubl than it 's worth , with fantasi mix with realiti and actor play more than one role just to add to the confus .
it 's probabl not easi to make such a worthless film ...
hope keep aris that the movi will live up to the appar skill of it maker and the talent of it actor , but it doe n't .
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kid and peopl who owe favor to their famous parent .
for a guy who has wait three year with breathless anticip for a new hal hartley movi to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown .
constant slip from the grasp of it maker .
smother by it own solemn .
` christian bale 's quinn -lrb- is -rrb- a leather clad grunge-pir with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simpli astound cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
might be one of those vaniti project in which a renown filmmak attempt to show off his talent by surround himself with untal peopl .
after you laugh onc -lrb- mayb twice -rrb- , you will have complet forgotten the movi by the time you get back to your car in the park lot .
not one moment in the enterpris did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with someth cool to my brow .
in the era of the soprano , it feel pain redund and inauthent .
the overal vibe is druggi and self-indulg , like a spring-break orgi for pretenti art major .
breen 's script is sketchi with actorish notat on the margin of act .
there 's no question that epp score onc or twice , but it 's tell that his funniest moment come when he fall about ten feet onto his head .
if onli merchant paid more attent the stori .
at the one-hour mark , herzog simpli run out of idea and the pace turn posit leaden as the movi sputter to it inevit tragic conclus .
... too contriv to be as natur charm as it need to be .
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been prefer after all , be about noth is sometim funnier than be about someth .
the charact are base on stock clich , and the attempt to complic the stori onli defi credibl .
everyth about it from the bland song to the color but flat draw is complet servic and quick forgett .
not the great american comedi , but if you like the previous movi in the seri , you ll have a good time with this one too .
a domest melodrama with weak dialogu and biopic clich .
mr. goyer 's loos , unaccount direct is technic sophist in the worst way .
the movi is so thoughtless assembl .
benigni present himself as the boy puppet pinocchio , complet with reced hairlin , weather counten and american breckin meyer 's ridicul inappropri valley boy voic .
play like some corni televis product from a bygon era
the end result is like cold porridg with onli the odd enjoy chewi lump .
for all the charm of kevin kline and a stori that put old-fashion valu under the microscop , there 's someth creepi about this movi .
i was feel this movi until it veer off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station look for a return ticket to realism .
produc john penotti survey high school student ... and came back with the astonish revel that `` they want to see someth that did n't talk down to them . ''
ignor that , he made swimfan anyway
naipaul fan may be disappoint .
those who are not acquaint with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
hoffman wait too long to turn his movi in an unexpect direct , and even then his tone retain a genteel , prep-school qualiti that feel dusti and leatherbound .
if you re a crocodil hunter fan , you ll enjoy at least the `` real '' portion of the film .
if you re look for a stori , do n't bother .
full frontal had no effect and elicit no sympathi for ani of the charact .
by that measur , it is a failur .
a baffl mix platter of gritti realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premis .
an affabl but undernourish romant comedi that fail to match the fresh of the actress-produc and writer 's previous collabor , miss congeni .
sometim this modest littl number click , and sometim it doe n't .
like a pack of dynamit stick , built for controversi .
the film is explos , but a few of those stick are wet .
has it charm quirk and it dull spot .
an admit egomaniac , evan is no hollywood villain , and yet this grate showcas almost make you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson .
the audienc when i saw this one was chuckl at all the wrong time , and that 's a bad sign when they re suppos to be have a collect heart attack .
everyon 's to blame here .
you get the impress that writer and director burr steer know the territori ... but his sens of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfact usual associ with the better privat school .
less a studi in mad or love than a studi in schoolgirl obsess .
rice never clear defin his charact or give us a reason to care about them .
it 's a bizarr curios memor main for the way it fritter away it potenti interest subject matter via a banal script , unimpress act and indiffer direct .
a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demograph is like still in the singl digit , age-wis .
sex with stranger will shock mani with it unblink frank .
but what is miss from it all is a moral .
what is the filmmak ' point ?
whi did they deem it necessari to document all this emot miseri ?
you see robin william and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .
you see the movi and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
downright transpar is the script 's endless assault of embarrass ham-fist sex joke that reek of a script rewrit design to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rate .
the movi slide downhil as soon as macho action convent assert themselv .
formula to the 51st power , more like .
draggin ' about dragon
howard and his co-star all give commit perform , but they re often undon by howard 's self-consci attempt to find a ` literari ' filmmak style to match his subject .
a respect but uninspir thriller that 's intellig and consid in it detail , but ultim weak in it impact .
jone help breath some life into the insubstanti plot , but even he is overwhelm by predict .
the movi just has too much on it plate to realli stay afloat for it just under nineti minut run time .
come off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvinc drama that never catch fire .
offer absolut noth i had n't alreadi seen .
`` analyz that '' is one of those crass , contriv sequel that not onli fail on it own , but make you second-guess your affect for the origin .
you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allow , if you want to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possibl .
suffic to say it total promis is left slight unfulfil .
complex , sinuous plot and , somehow , off-put cold .
first-tim writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogu , and the charact sound like real peopl .
... an airless , prepackag julia robert wannab that stink so bad of hard-sel image-mong you ll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwrit credit .
goldmemb has none of the visual wit of the previous pictur , and it look as though jay roach direct the film from the back of a taxicab .
could as easili have been call ` under sieg 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinemat corps that never spring to life .
in comparison to his earlier film it seem a disappoint thin slice of lower-class london life despit the titl ... amount to surpris littl .
lame sweet home leav no southern stereotyp unturn .
slow , dri , poor cast , but beauti shot .
the joke are sophomor , stereotyp are sprinkl everywher and the act rang from bad to bodaci .
will give mani minist and bible-studi group hour of materi to discuss .
but mainstream audienc will find littl of interest in this film , which is often preachi and poor act .
in it chicken heart , crush goe to absurd length to duck the veri issu it rais .
this long and relentless saccharin film is a clear case of preach to the convert .
the film is flat .
the movi is a lumber load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchabl .
it 's a boom-box of a movi that might have been titl ` the loud and the ludicr ' ... the pander to a moviego audienc domin by young male is all too calcul .
an unbeliev stupid film , though occasion fun enough to make you forget it absurd .
the first fatal attract was vile enough .
do we realli need the tiger beat version ?
this bond film goe off the beaten path , not necessarili for the better .
the problem is that the movi has no idea of it is serious or not .
when the fire burn out , we ve onli come face-to-fac with a coupl dragon and that 's where the film ultim fail .
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentari .
the element were all there but lack of a pyscholog center knock it flat .
anem chronicl of money grub new yorker and their serial loveless hook up .
simpli doe n't have suffici heft to justifi it two-hour run time .
an unsuccess attempt at a movi of idea .
queen of the damn as you might have guess , make sorri use of aaliyah in her one and onli star role -- she doe littl here but point at thing that explod into flame .
this toothless dog , alreadi on cabl , lose all bite on the big screen .
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who like there 's someth about mari and both american pie movi .
oh , and booti call .
not onli is it hokey , manipul and as bland as wonder bread dip in milk , but it also doe the absolut last thing we need hollywood do to us : it preach .
it 's so cram with scene and vista and pretti moment that it 's left a few crucial thing out , like charact develop and coher .
serv sara should be serv an evict notic at everi theater stuck with it .
director roger michel doe so mani of the littl thing right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out sever for bungl the big stuff .
a loud , low-budget and tire formula film that arriv cloak in the euphem ` urban drama . '
the movi has a script -lrb- by paul pender -rrb- made of wood , and it 's relentless folksi , a process of stagi set piec stack with binari opposit .
a pathet exploit film that tri to seem sincer , and just seem wors for the effort .
at some point , all this visual trickeri stop be clever and devolv into flashi , vagu silli overkil .
despit some charm and heart , this quirki soccer import is forgett
meyj 's movi , like max rothman 's futur , doe not work .
what 's need so bad but what is virtual absent here is either a save dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedi .
schneidermeist ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ... an ambiti , serious film that manag to do virtual everyth wrong sit through it is someth akin to an act of cinemat penanc .
not onc doe it come close to be excit .
a frankenstein mishmash that careen from dark satir to cartoonish slapstick , bartlebi perform neither one veri well .
it play like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at time lift the materi from it well-mean clunki .
there 's someth not entir convinc about the quiet american .
and that hold true for both the movi and the titl charact play by brendan fraser .
one of those strain caper movi that 's hard ani fun to watch and begin to vapor from your memori minut after it end .
need a littl less bling-bl and a lot more romanc .
the end doe n't work ... but most of the movi work so well i 'm almost recommend it , anyway -- mayb not to everybodi , but certain to peopl with a curios about how a movi can go veri right , and then step wrong .
it 's hard to believ these joker are suppos to have pull off four similar kidnap befor .
i 'm not exact sure what this movi think it is about .
cal is an unpleas shallow and immatur charact with whom to spend 110 claustrophob minut .
so brisk is wang 's pace that none of the excel cast are given air to breath .
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is impost make a better short stori than it doe a film .
some element of it realli blow the big one , but other part are decent .
it is just too bad the film 's stori doe not live up to it style .
unless you re a fanat , the best advic is : ` scoobi ' do n't .
a cautionari tale about the folli of superfici that is itself endless superfici .
for singl digit kidlet stuart littl 2 is still a no brainer .
if you re look to rekindl the magic of the first film , you ll need a stronger stomach than us .
shreve 's grace dual narrat get clunki on the screen , and we keep get torn away from the compel histor tale to a less-compel soap opera .
contain a few big laugh but mani more that graze the funni bone or miss it altogeth , in part becaus the conscious dumbed-down approach wear thin .
noth more than a widget crank out on an assembl line to see if stupid american will get a kick out of goofi brit with cute accent perform ages-old slapstick and unfunni trick .
this is a film tailor-mad for those who when they were in high school would choos the cliff-not over read a full-length classic .
the movi is undon by a filmmak methodolog that 's just experiment enough to alien the mainstream audienc while ring clich to harden indie-head .
a jumbl fantasi comedi that did not figur out a coher game plan at script , shoot or post-product stage .
a sad and rote exercis in milk a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shock manag to be even wors than it titl would impli .
person veloc ought to be explor these women 's inner live , but it never move beyond their surfac .
we hate -lrb- madonna -rrb- within the film 's first five minut , and she lack the skill or presenc to regain ani ground .
sound like arnold schwarzenegg , with a physiqu to match , -lrb- ahola -rrb- has a wooden deliveri and encount a substanti arc of chang that doe n't produc ani real transform .
two big thing are miss -- anyth approach a viscer kick , and anyth approach even a vagu reason to sit through it all .
a fascin but choppi documentari .
scarc worth a mention apart from report on the number of tumblewe blow through the empti theatr grace with it compani .
the doofus-on - the-loos banter of welcom to collinwood has a cocki , after-hour loopi to it .
and as with most late-night bull session , eventu the content is n't near as captiv as the rowdi particip think it is .
too stagey , talki -- and long -- for it own good .
appar reassembl from the cutting-room floor of ani given daytim soap .
the sinist inspir that fuell devito 's earli work is confus in death to smoochi into someth both ugli and mindless .
despit auteuil 's perform , it 's a rather listless ambl down the middl of the road , where the themat ironi are too obvious and the sexual polit too smug .
director bori von sychowski instead opt for a routin slasher film that was probabl more fun to make than it is to sit through .
... littl more than a well-act televis melodrama shot for the big screen .
never come togeth as a coher whole .
an unintent surreal kid 's pictur ... in which actor in bad bear suit enact a sort of inter-speci parodi of a vh1 behind the music episod .
first , for a movi that tri to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
and second , what 's with all the shoot ?
do n't even bother to rent this on video .
there is someth in full frontal , i guess , about artific and act and how it distort realiti for peopl who make movi and watch them , but like most movi riddl , it work onli if you have an interest in the charact you see .
this is the kind of movi that get a quick releas befor real contend arriv in septemb .
not count a few gross-out comedi i ve been tri to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minut .
play like one long , meander sketch inspir by the work of john water and todd solondz , rather than a fulli develop stori .
the film doe n't have enough innov or pizazz to attract teenag , and it lack the novel charm that made spi kid a surpris winner with both adult and younger audienc .
a mawkish self-parodi that play like some weird masterpiec theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compel reason for be .
an averag b-movi with no aspir to be anyth more .
bartlett 's hero remain a reactiv cipher , when open the man 's head and heart is the onli imagin reason for the film to be made .
gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
the plot is plaster with one hollywood clich after anoth , most of which involv precoci kid get the better of obnoxi adult .
less worri about cover all the drama in frida 's life and more time spent explor her process of turn pain into art would have made this a superior movi .
a film that suffer becaus of it mani excess .
too bland and fustili tast to be truli prurient .
in ani case , i would recommend big bad love onli to winger fan who have miss her sinc 1995 's forget pari .
but even then , i 'd recommend wait for dvd and just skip straight to her scene .
depict the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laugh at how clever it 's be .
nijinski say , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you ll know too .
` cq may one day be fond rememb as roman coppola 's brief pretenti period befor go on to other film that actual tell a stori worth care about
the onli thing scari about feardotcom is that the filmmak and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scari movi .
... the stori simpli putter along look for astut observ and come up blank .
instead of contriv a climact hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shal - remain-nameless , whi not invit some genuin spontan into the film by have the evil alien ' laser gun actual hit someth for onc ?
it just did n't mean much to me and play too skew to ever get a hold on -lrb- or be entertain by -rrb- .
this action-thriller\/dark comedi is one of the most repel thing to pop up in a cinemat year alreadi litter with celluloid garbag .
mib ii is a movi that make it possibl for the viewer to doze off for a few minut or make sever run to the concess stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has miss anyth .
that 's becaus relat noth happen .
no amount of arti theoriz -- the special effect are ` german-expressionist , ' accord to the press note -- can render it anyth but laughabl .
blue crush follow the formula , but throw in too mani conflict to keep the stori compel .
boyd 's screenplay -lrb- co-written with guardian hack nick davi -rrb- has a florid turn of phrase that owe more to guy ritchi than the bard of avon .
there 's not a spark of new inspir in it , just more of the same , done with notic less energi and imagin .
jackson shame stroll through this mess with a smug grin , inexplic wear a kilt and carri a bag of golf club over one shoulder .
a move pictur that doe not move .
ruh-roh !
rometh 's realli wrong with this rictur !
it salient point are simultan buri , drown and smother in the excess of writer-director roger avari .
i 'm not sure these word have ever been togeth in the same sentenc : this erot cannib movi is bore .
` god help us , but capra and cooper are roll over in their grave . '
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffens , unmemor filler .
is it a comedi ?
a drama ?
a romanc ?
a cartoon ?
ze movi start out so funni , then she is noth .
did the film inform and educ me ?
yes .
did it move me to care about what happen in 1915 armenia ?
no. .
and that is where ararat went astray .
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instant know whodunit .
has a customarili jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam invent .
eight leg freak wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/sci fiction flick that we have come to love ...
it get the detail of it time frame right but it complet miss it emot .
who , exact , is fight whom here ?
ah , yes , that would be me : fight off the urg to doze .
a kilt jackson is an unsettl sight , and indic of his , if you will , out-of-kilt charact , who rambl aimless through ill-conceiv action piec .
contriv , awkward and fill with unintend laugh , the film show sign that someon other than the director got into the edit room and tri to improv thing by make the movi go faster .
start out with tremend promis , introduc an intrigu and allur premis , onli to fall prey to a boatload of screenwrit clich that sink it faster than a leaki freighter .
the film laps too often into sugari sentiment and withhold deliveri on the pell-mel pyrotechn it punchi style promis .
the onli question ... is to determin how well the schmaltz is manufactur -- to assess the qualiti of the manipul engin .
averag , at best , i 'm afraid .
this movi is so bad , that it 's almost worth see becaus it 's so bad .
a crispli made movi that is no more than mild amus .
this movi feel more like a non-stop cri for attent , than an attempt at ani kind of satisfi entertain .
overal , it 's a pretti mediocr famili film .
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certain was n't feel ani of it .
in addit to the overcook , ham-fist direct , which has all the actor reach for the back row , the dialogu sound like horribl poetri .
the veri definit of what critic have come to term an `` ambiti failur . ''
it 's as if de palma spent an hour set a fanci tabl and then serv up kraft macaroni and chees .
the movi end with outtak in which most of the charact forget their line and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the write in the movi .
worthi of the gong .
while certain more naturalist than it australian counterpart , amari 's film fall short in build the drama of lilia 's journey .
i found the movi as divid against itself as the dysfunct famili it portray .
the soul-search deliber of the film , although leaven nice with dri absurdist wit , eventu becom too heavi for the plot .
the movi doe n't add anyth fresh to the myth .
as inept as big-screen remak of the aveng and the wild wild west .
come across as a relic from a bygon era , and it convolut ... feel silli rather than plausibl .
move in such odd plot direct and descend into such message-mong moral that it good qualiti are obscur .
it 's a veri sincer work , but it would be better as a diari or documentari .
onc one experi mr. hanek 's own sadist tendenc toward his audienc , one is left with a sour tast in one 's mouth , and littl els .
oop , she 's realli done it this time .
that chirpi songbird britney spear has pop up with more mindless drivel .
it 's a loathsom movi , it realli is and it make absolut no sens .
a chiller resolut without chill .
for those of us who respond more strong to storytel than computer-gener effect , the new star war instal has n't escap the rut dug by the last one .
the director most play it straight , turn ley ' fabl into a listless climb down the social ladder .
`` bad '' is the oper word for `` bad compani , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way .
though frida is easier to swallow than juli taymor 's preposter titus , the eye candi here lack consider brio .
drumlin is -- the mere suggest , albeit a visual compel one , of a fulli realiz stori .
the whole movi is simpli a lazi exercis in bad filmmak that ask you to not onli suspend your disbelief but your intellig as well .
the film afford us intrigu glimps of the insight glean from a lifetim of spiritu inquiri , but ram dass : fierc grace doe n't organ it with ani particular insight .
billi crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgar in a sequel you can refus .
it 's loud and bore watch it is like be trap at a bad rock concert .
mere -lrb- and liter -rrb- toss around sex toy and offer half-heart paean to empower that are repeat undercut by the brutal of the joke , most at women 's expens .
if you want a movi time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
traffic in the kind of prechew racial clich that have alreadi been through the corpor stand-up-comedi mill .
the stori is -- forgiv me -- a littl thin , and the filmmak clumsi and rush .
... grow decid flimsier with it mani out-siz , out of charact and logic porous action set piec .
i wish windtalk had had more faith in the dramat potenti of this true stori .
this would have been better than the fiction it has concoct , and there still could have been room for the war scene .
aggress self-glorif and a manipul whitewash .
stay for the credit and see a devast comic imperson by dustin hoffman that is revelatori .
none of the charact or plot-lin are fleshed-out enough to build ani interest .
as social expos , skin has it heart in the right place , but that 's not much to hang a soap opera on .
the whole film has this sneaki feel to it -- as if the director is tri to dupe the viewer into take it all as veri import simpli becaus the movi is ugli to look at and not a hollywood product .
there 's a bit of themat meat on the bone of queen of the damn , as it origin in an ann rice novel dictat , but general , it 's a movi that emphas style over charact and substanc .
the onli way to toler this insipid , brutal clueless film might be with a larg dose of painkil .
this one is certain well-mean , but it 's also simple-mind and contriv .
coppola has made a film of intox atmospher and littl els .
bad and baffl from the get-go .
a seri of immacul compos shot of patch adam quiet freak out doe not make for much of a movi .
at a time when we ve learn the hard way just how complex intern terror is , collater damag paint an absurd simplist pictur .
the impuls that produc this project ... are commend , but the result are uneven .
a well-act movi that simpli doe n't gel .
like a can of 2-day old coke .
you can tast it , but there 's no fizz .
there 's no excus for follow up a delight , well-craft famili film with a computer-gener cold fish .
both the crime stori and the love stori are unusu .
but they do n't fit well togeth and neither is well told .
it 's both sitcomish predict and cloy in it attempt to be poignant .
other than a mild engag central romanc , hospit is sick entertain at best and mind-destroy cinemat pollut at worst .
jaglom offer the none-too-origin premis that everyon involv with moviemak is a con artist and a liar .
outsid of burger 's desir to make some kind of film , it 's realli unclear whi this project was undertaken
was i scare ?
onli at the prospect of beck 's next project .
let 's see , a haunt hous , a haunt ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ?
a fragil framework upon which to hang broad , mild fleshed-out charact that seem to have been conjur up onli 10 minut prior to film .
by the time the plot grind itself out in increas incoher fashion , you might be wish for a watch that make time go faster rather than the other way around .
sinc lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worship than your random e !
true hollywood stori .
wes craven 's presenc is felt not the craven of ' a nightmar on elm street ' or ` the hill have eye , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` dead friend . ' sunshin state survey the landscap and assess the issu with a clear passion for sociolog .
but the cinematographi is cloudi , the pictur make becalm .
it 's one long bore .
it get old quick .
watch barbershop again if you re in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sit through .
it 's leaden and predict , and laugh are lack .
... a cinemat disast so inadvert sidesplit it 's worth the price of admiss for the ridicul factor alon .
skip this dreck , rent anim hous and go back to the sourc .
the movi is a desper miscalcul .
it give poor dana carvey noth to do that is realli funni , and then expect us to laugh becaus he act so goofi all the time .
we just do n't realli care too much about this love stori .
in that set , their struggl is simpli too ludicr and borderlin insult .
the transport bombard the viewer with so mani explos and side snap kick that it end up be surpris dull .
uzumaki 's interest social parallel and defiant aesthet seem a prostitut muse ...
` men in black ii creat a new threat for the mib , but recycl the same premis .
larg budget notwithstand , the movi is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempt just to go with it for the ride .
but this time , the old mib label stand for milder is n't better .
feel familiar and tire .
a retread of materi alreadi thorough plumb by martin scorses .
instead of make his own style , director marcus adam just copi from various sourc -- good sourc , bad mixtur
crimin conspiraci and true romanc move so easili across racial and cultur line in the film that it make my big fat greek wed look like an apartheid drama .
a bore that tend to hammer home everi one of it point .
a stori which fail to rise abov it disgust sourc materi .
it 's fit that a movi as artifici and soulless as the countri bear owe it genesi to an animatron display at disneyland .
start as an intens polit and psycholog thriller but is sabotag by tick time bomb and other hollywood-act clich .
complet creativ stillborn and execut in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a singl iota wors ... a soulless hunk of exploit garbag .
an uneven look into a grim futur that doe n't come close to the level of intellig and visual splendour that can be seen in other film base on philip k. dick stori .
horribl .
the disjoint mess flow as natur as joli 's hideous yellow ` do .
bolster by an astonish voic cast -lrb- except love hewitt -rrb- , an interest racial tension , and a storylin that i have n't encount sinc at least pete 's dragon .
an authent vagu , but ultim purposeless , studi in total pandemonium .
make a joke out of car chase for an hour and then give us half an hour of car chase .
as the sulk , moodi male hustler in the titl role , -lrb- franco -rrb- has all of dean 's manner and self-indulg , but none of his sweet and vulner .
the onli thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hit your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirti minut into the film .
it 's too interest in jerk off in all it byzantin incarn to bother pleasur it audienc .
` synthet ' is the best descript of this well-mean , beauti produc film that sacrific it promis for a high-pow star pedigre .
it concentr far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistri between chan and hewitt .
impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these charact except have them run through dark tunnel , fight off various anonym attack , and evad elabor surveil technolog .
judd 's charact ought to pick up the durabl best seller smart women , foolish choic for advic .
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fight skill are more in line with steven seagal .
this ill-conceiv and expens project wind up look like a bunch of talent thesp slum it .
... there 's a choppi , surface-effect feel to the whole enterpris .
doe n't get the job done , run off the limit chemistri creat by ralph fienn and jennif lopez .
a particular joyless , and exceed dull , period coming-of-ag tale .
it 's imposs to indulg the fanci daydream of janic beard -lrb- eileen walsh -rrb- when her real-lif persona is so charmless and vacant .
... it was n't the subject matter that ultim defeat the film ... it was the unfulfil , incongru , `` wait a second , did i miss someth ? ''
end .
this is a movi where the most notabl observ is how long you ve been sit still .
poor edit , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesi dialogu highlight the radic action .
it 's super - violent , super-seri and super-stupid .
so earnest and well-mean , and so stock with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponder aw of it script .
just a string of stale gag , with no good insid dope , and no particular bite .
it 's splash without the joke .
the chateau would have been benefit from a sharper , cleaner script befor it went in front of the camera .
not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera len .
shallow , noisi and pretenti .
morrissett has perform a difficult task inde - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascin stori and made it dull , lifeless , and irrit .
granddad of le nouvell vagu , jean-luc godard continu to baffl the faith with his game of hide-and-seek .
this loud and thorough obnoxi comedi about a pair of squabbl working-class spous is a deepli unpleas experi .
it 's better than the phantom menac .
but unless you re an absolut rave star war junki , it is n't much fun .
philosoph , intellectu and logist a mess .
a standard police-ori drama that , were it not for de niro 's particip , would have like wound up a tnt origin .
coupl disgrac written dialogu with flail bodili movement that substitut for act , circuit is the awkward pace soap opera-ish stori .
hollywood end just is n't veri funni .
though clear well-intent , this cross-cultur soap opera is pain formula and stilt .
a technic triumph and an extraordinari bore .
i can easili imagin benigni 's pinocchio becom a christma perenni .
coal is n't as easi to come by as it use to be and this would be a worthi substitut for naughti children 's stock .
two hour of junk .
end up be most about ravish costum , eye-fil , wide-screen product design and joan 's wacki decis to stand by her man , no matter how mani time he demonstr that he 's a disloy satyr .
self-congratulatori , misguid , and ill-inform , if nonetheless compuls watchabl .
a clumsili manufactur exploit flick , a style-fre exercis in manipul and mayhem .
the whole affair , true stori or not , feel incred hokey ... -lrb- it -rrb- come off like a hallmark commerci .
what 's miss is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
the nicest thing that can be said about steal harvard -lrb- which might have been call freddi get molest by a dog -rrb- is that it 's not as obnoxi as tom green 's freddi got finger .
... tara reid play a colleg journalist , but she look like the six-tim winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's do in here ... the young star are too cute the stori and ensu complic are too manipul the messag is too blatant the resolut are too conveni .
normal , rohmer 's talki film fascin me , but when he move his set to the past , and reli on a histor text , he lose the rich of character that make his film so memor .
i high recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcas him .
it 's been 13 month and 295 preview screen sinc i last walk out on a movi , but resid evil realli earn my indign , preemptiv departur .
this pictur is most a lump of run-of-the-mil profan sprinkl with a few remark so gear toward engend audienc sympathi that you might think he was run for offic -- or tri to win over a probat offic .
malon doe have a gift for generat nightmarish imag that will be hard to burn out of your brain .
but the movi 's narrat hook is way too muddl to be an effect chill guilti pleasur .
though it goe further than both , anyon who has seen the hunger or cat peopl will find littl new here , but a tasti perform from vincent gallo lift this tale of cannib lust abov the ordinari .
a blair witch - style adventur that play like a bad soap opera , with passabl perform from everyon in the cast .
diaz wear out her welcom in her most charmless perform
it is too bad that this likabl movi is n't more accomplish .
the actor tri hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
the plot has a number of hole , and at time it 's simpli baffl .
an ill-conceiv jumbl that 's not scari , not smart and not engag .
brainless , but enjoy over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuc wild repres fifti teen-gang machismo in a way that border on rough-trad homo-erotic .
get bog down by an over sillifi plot and stop-and-start pace .
`` what john doe is heroic , but we do n't condon it , '' one of the film 's star recent said , a tortuous comment that perfect illustr the pictur 's moral schizophrenia .
like come into a long-run , well-written televis seri where you ve miss the first half-dozen episod and probabl wo n't see the next six .
it generic villain lack ani intrigu -lrb- other than their funni accent -rrb- and the action scene are poor deliv .
drip with clich and bypass no opportun to trivial the materi .
hard-cor slasher aficionado will find thing to like ... but overal the halloween seri has lost it edg .
stiff and schmaltzi and clumsili direct .
the stori the movi tell is of brian de palma 's addict to the junk-calori suspens trope that have all but ruin his career .
too mani improb and rose-color situat temper what could ve been an impact film .
generic slasher-movi nonsens , but it 's not without style .
with tini littl joke and nari an origin idea , this sappi ethnic sleeper prove that not onli blockbust pollut the summer movi pool .
it stick rigid to the paradigm , rare permit it charact more than two obvious dimens and repeat place them in contriv , well-worn situat .
ever see one of those comedi that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
onc ice-t stick his mug in the window of the coupl 's bmw and begin harangu the wife in bad stage dialogu , all credibl fli out the window .
the best drug addit movi are usual depress but reward .
quit , howev , manag just to be depress , as the lead actor phone in his autobiograph perform .
it would be great to see this turd squash under a truck , prefer a semi .
in the end , all you can do is admir the ensembl player and wonder what the point of it is .
for most movi , 84 minut is short , but this one feel like a life sentenc .
while glover , the irrepress eccentr of river 's edg , dead man and back to the futur , is perfect cast for the role , he repres bartlebi 's main overal flaw .
shatner is probabl the funniest person in the film , which give you an idea just how bad it was .
tri so hard to be quirki and funni that the strain is all too evid .
as immacul as stuart littl 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventur .
simpli a re-hash of the other seven film .
with jump cut , fast edit and lot of pyrotechn , yu clear hope to camouflag how bad his movi is .
he fail .
i found myself more appreci of what the director was tri to do than of what he had actual done .
a veri depress movi of mani miss opportun .
goe on and on to the point of nausea .
by turn numb dull-wit and disquiet creepi .
boy , has this franchis ever run out of gas .
one problem with the movi , direct by joel schumach , is that it jam too mani prefabr stori element into the run time .
the comedi is nonexist .
... a bland , pretenti mess .
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that scream out ` amateur ' in almost everi frame .
a bland anim sequel that hard seem worth the effort .
it 's not just the vampir that are damn in queen of the damn -- the viewer will feel they suffer the same fate .
if religi film are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
otherwis , this could be a passabl date film .
this is the case of a pregnant premis be wast by a script that take few chanc and manag to insult the intellig of everyon in the audienc .
the pace and the visual are so hype up that a curious sens of menac inform everyth .
stuffi , full of itself , moral ambigu and noth to shout about .
it is most of the thing costner movi are known for it 's sanctimoni , self-right and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
do n't let the subtitl fool you the movi onli prove that hollywood no longer has a monopoli on mindless action .
chai 's structur and pace are disconcert slack .
to be oblivi to the exist of this film would be veri sweet inde .
the director , with his fake backdrop and state pace , never settl on a consist tone .
one just wait grim for the next shock without develop much attach to the charact .
instead of panoram sweep , kapur give us episod choppi , undermin the stori 's emot thrust .
the director seem to take an unseem pleasur in -lrb- the charact ' -rrb- miseri and at the same time to congratul himself for have the gut to confront it .
this dubious product of a college-spawn -lrb- colgat u. -rrb- comedi ensembl known as broken lizard play like a mix of cheech and chong and chip .
the movi doe n't think much of it charact , it protagonist , or of us .
super trooper is an odd amalgam of comedi genr , exist somewher between the often liter riff of earli zucker brothers\/abraham film , and the decid foul style of their post-modern contemporari , the farrelli brother .
... will alway be rememb for the 9-11 terrorist attack .
after see the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason whi anyon should bother rememb it .
made me feel uneasi , even queasi , becaus -lrb- solondz 's -rrb- cool compass is on the border of bemus contempt .
as a kind of color , dramat pbs program , frida get the job done .
but , for that , whi not watch a documentari ?
with minim imagin , you could restag the whole thing in your bathtub .
night feel more like a quicki tv special than a featur film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watch past the second commerci break .
although ... visual strike and slick stage , it 's also cold , grey , antisept and emot desicc .
you can see where big bad love is tri to go , but it never quit get there .
friday after next is the kind of film that could onli be made by african-american becaus of it broad racial insensit toward african-american .
it 's not as aw as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreak endeavor .
the onli thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-thre minut spent watch this wast of time .
one-sid documentari offer simplist explan to a veri complex situat .
... stylist , the movi is a disast .
the corps count ultim overrid what littl we learn along the way about vicari redempt .
as violent , profan and exploit as the most offens action flick you ve ever seen .
egoyan 's work often eleg consid various level of realiti and use shift point of view , but here he has construct a film so labyrinthin that it defeat his larger purpos .
life or someth like it has it share of high point , but it miss too mani opportun .
this is a truli , truli bad movi .
despit bear the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-bas european pickup .
what 's hard to understand is whi anybodi pick it up .
wiser soul would have tact pretend not to see it and left it lie there
believ was n't one of the film 's virtu .
sewer rat could watch this movi and be so skeev out that they 'd need a shower .
the santa claus 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel execut and lobbyist for the tinsel industri .
his best film remain his shortest , the hole , which make mani of the point that this film doe but feel less repetit .
just anoth disjoint , fair predict psycholog thriller .
... stumbl over everi cheap trick in the book tri to make the outrag come even easier .
even the hastili and amateurish drawn anim can not engag .
kung pow is oedekerk 's realize of his childhood dream to be in a martial-art flick , and prove that sometim the dream of youth should remain just that .
busi urban comedi is clear not zhang 's fort , his directori touch is neither light nor magic enough to bring off this kind of whimsi .
not complet loveabl -- but what underdog movi sinc the bad news bear has been ?
-- but certain hard to hate .
a movi that ca n't get suffici distanc from leroy 's delus to escap their maudlin influenc .
it 's young gun meet goodfella in this easili skippabl hayseeds-v .
- greasebal mob action-comedi .
louiso let the movi dawdl in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbl over a late-in twist that just doe n't make sens .
the movi straddl the fenc between escap and social commentari , and on both side it fall short .
the film is old-fashion , occasion charm and as subtl as boldfac .
ca n't get enough of libidin young citi dweller ?
tri this obscen bad dark comedi , so crass that it make edward burn ' sidewalk of new york look like oscar wild .
in the new guy , even the bull get recycl .
larg , this is a movi that also doe it by the number .
on top of a founder perform , -lrb- madonna 's -rrb- deni her own athletic by light that emphas everi line and sag .
this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong 's john woo .
he 's not good with peopl .
patchi combin of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at time , plod sociolog commentari .
-lrb- steven is -rrb- so stoke to make an import film about human infidel and happenst that he toss a kitchen sink onto a stori alreadi overladen with plot conceit .
so bore that even it target audienc talk all the way through it .
one of the more glare sign of this movi 's servitud to it superstar is the way it skirt around ani scene that might have requir genuin act from ms. spear .
hollywood end is the most disappoint woodi allen movi ever .
he has a great cast and a great idea .
but the execut is a flop with the except of about six gag that realli work .
... generic , forgett pleasant from start to finish .
it 's just hard to believ that a life like this can sound so dull .
when not wallow in it charact ' frustrat , the movi is busi contriv fals , sitcom-worthi solut to their problem .
an overstyl , pure melang of sex , psycholog , drug and philosophi .
sometim entertain , sometim indulg -- but never less than pure wankeri .
` love and amaz , ' unhappili , is neither ... excess strain and contriv .
ringu is a disast of a stori , full of hole and complet lack in chill .
ignor the reput , and ignor the film .
this one is a few bit funnier than mall 's dud , if onli becaus the cast is so engag mess around like slob citi reduct of damon runyon crook .
` it 's pain to watch witherspoon 's talent wast away insid unnecessari film like legal blond and sweet home abomin , i mean , alabama . '
a plod teen remak that 's so mechan you can smell the greas on the plot twist .
tri to figur out the rule of the countri bear univers -- when are bear bear and when are they like human , onli hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain .
even in term of the low-grad chees standard on which it oper , it never quit make the grade as tawdri trash .
amidst the action , the script carri arnold -lrb- and the viewer -rrb- into the forbidden zone of sympath with terrorist motiv by present the `` other side of the stori . ''
rife with nutti clich and far too much dialogu .
it 's a 100-year old mysteri that is constant be interrupt by elizabeth hurley in a bath suit .
... one big laugh , three or four mild giggl , and a whole lot of not much els .
too intens focus on the travail of be hal hartley to function as pastich , no such thing is hartley 's least access screed yet .
kenneth branagh 's energet sweet-and-sour perform as a curmudgeon british playwright ground this overstuf , errat dramedi in which he and his improb forbear wife contend with crazi and child-rear in los angel .
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generat ani interest in an unsympathet hero caught up in an intric plot that while clever work out , can not overcom blah charact .
ms. phoenix is complet lack in charm and charisma , and is unabl to project either esther 's initi anomi or her eventu awaken .
the movi fail to portray it literarili talent and notori subject as anyth much more than a dirti old man .
a clich and shallow cautionari tale about the hard-parti live of gay men .
the fetid underbelli of fame has never look uglier .
a littl weak -- and it is n't that funni .
while it is welcom to see a chines film depict a homosexu relationship in a matur and frank fashion , lan yu never catch dramat fire .
the script boast some tart tv-insid humor , but the film has not a trace of human or empathi .
despit the pyrotechn , narc is strict by the book .
in both the write and cut , it doe not achiev the kind of dramat uniti that transport you .
you end up simpli admir this bit or that , this perform or that .
cacoyanni is perhap too effect in creat an atmospher of dust-cak stagnat and labor gentil .
worth see onc , but it charm quick fade .
the origin was n't a good movi but this remak make it look like a masterpiec !
one suspect that craven endors they simpli becaus this movi make his own look much better by comparison .
gere give a good perform in a film that doe n't merit it .
your appreci of it will depend on what experi you bring to it and what associ you choos to make .
includ too much obvious pad .
there 's no palpabl chemistri between lopez and male lead ralph fienn , plus the script by work girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlik in the extrem .
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfli is wors : the part where noth 's happen , or the part where someth 's happen , but it 's stupid .
do n't expect ani subtleti from this latest entri in the increas threadbar gross-out comedi cycl .
the onli camouflag carvey should now be consid is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goe out into public , to avoid be recogn as the man who bilk unsuspect moviego .
shot like a postcard and overact with all the boozi self-indulg that bring out the worst in otherwis talent actor ...
spain 's greatest star wattag doe n't overcom the tumult of maudlin tragedi .
conform itself with creat a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the charact ' move are often more predict than their consequ .
look and feel like a low-budget hybrid of scarfac or carlito 's way .
the script is a tire one , with few moment of joy rise abov the stale materi .
suffer from all the excess of the genr .
the verdict : two bodi and hard a laugh between them .
the latest adam sandler assault and possibl the worst film of the year .
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammer home a heavy-hand moralist messag .
while the film is compet , it 's also uninspir , lack the real talent and wit to elev it beyond it formula to the level of classic romant comedi to which it aspir .
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genr offer .
it 's harmless , divert fluff .
but it 's hard to imagin a more generic effort in the genr .
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silli .
comedi troup broken lizard 's first movi is veri funni but too concern with give us a plot .
pap invest in undergradu doubl subtext and ridicul stab at existenti remind of the discoveri of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .
a horror movi with serious dumb charact , which somewhat dilut the pleasur of watch them stalk by creepy-crawli bug thing that live onli in the dark .
it 's a film with an idea buri somewher insid it fabric , but never clear seen or felt .
` all in all , reign of fire will be a good -lrb- success -rrb- rental . '
occasion funni , sometim inspir , often bore .
a movi in which two not veri absorb charact are engag in a romanc you ca n't wait to see end .
the predomin amateur cast is pain to watch , so stilt and unconvinc are the perform .
who are ` they ' ?
well , they re ` they ' .
they re the unnam , easili substitut forc that serv as whatev terror the hero of horror movi tri to avoid .
they exist for hush line like `` they re back ! ''
, `` they re out there ! ''
and `` they re come ! ''
eleg craft but emot cold , a puzzl whose intric construct one can admir but is difficult to connect with on ani deeper level .
were dylan thoma aliv to wit first-tim director ethan hawk 's strain chelsea wall , he might have been tempt to chang his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentl into that good theatr . '
the stori has it redund , and the young actor , not veri experienc , are sometim inexpress .
i 'm sure the filmmak would disagre , but , honest , i do n't see the point .
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have fail .
the film is realli closer to porn than a serious critiqu of what 's wrong with this increas pervas aspect of gay cultur .
murder by number just doe n't add up .
clare peplo 's airless movi adapt could use a littl american pie-lik irrever .
video game are more involv than this mess .
clayburgh and tambor are charm perform neither of them deserv eric schaeffer .
a pale xerox of other , better crime movi .
... a hokey piec of nonsens that tri too hard to be emot .
illiter , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
a perfect exampl of rancid , well-intent , but shameless manipul movi make .
the adventur doe n't contain half the excit of balto , or quarter the fun of toy stori 2 .
essenti a collect of bit -- and they re all naughti .
a mess .
the screenplay doe too much meander , norton has to recit bland polic procedur detail , fienn wander around in an attempt to seem weird and distanc , hopkin look like a drag queen .
the screenplay by jame eric , jame horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it make your teeth hurt .
befor it take a sudden turn and devolv into a bizarr sort of romant comedi , steven shainberg 's adapt of mari gaitskil 's harrow short stori ... is a brilliant play , deepli unsettl experi .
solari is rigid and evas in way that soderbergh 's best film , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were .
seem like someth american and european gay movi were do 20 year ago .
in the process of trim the movi to an expediti 84 minut , director roger kumbl seem to have dump a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrag gag .
you can see the would-b surpris come a mile away , and the execut of these twist is deliv with a hammer .
thumb down .
the charact are paper thin and the plot is so clich and contriv that it make your least favorit jame bond movi seem as clever plot as the usual suspect .
... del toro maintain a dark mood that make the film seem like someth to endur instead of enjoy .
the movi eventu snap under the strain of it plot contriv and it need to reassur .
the real question this movi pose is not ` who ? '
but ` whi ? '
now here 's a sadist bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .
a movi that 's about as overbear and over-the-top as the famili it depict .
a movi in which laughter and self-exploit merg into jolli soft-porn em power . '
occasion interest but essenti unpersuas , a footnot to a still evolv stori .
if we re to slap protagonist geneviev leplouff becaus she 's french , do we have that same option to slap her creator becaus they re clueless and inept ?
moretti play giovanni , a psychiatrist who predict find it difficult to sustain interest in his profess after the famili tragedi .
too predict , in fact .
altern medicin obvious has it merit ... but ayurveda doe the field no favor .
this thing work on no level whatsoev for me .
it follow the basic plot trajectori of near everi schwarzenegg film : someon cross arni .
arni blow thing up .
ice age posit a heretofor unfathom question : is it possibl for computer-gener charact to go through the motion ?
an incoher jumbl of a film that 's rare as entertain as it could have been .
... they miss the boat .
more duti than enchant ... terribl episod and lack the spark of imagin that might have made it an exhilar treat .
lacon and veri stilt in it dialogu , this indi flick never found it audienc , probabl becaus it 's extrem hard to relat to ani of the charact .
the comedi death to smoochi is a rancor curios : a movi without an appar audienc .
barney 's idea about creation and ident do n't realli seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be glean from this three-hour endur test built around an hour 's worth of actual materi .
affleck mere creat an outlin for a role he still need to grow into , a role that ford effortless fill with author .
cinemat pyrotechn asid , the onli thing avari seem to care about are mean giggl and pulchritud .
it make sens that he went back to school to check out the girl -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .
the narrat is so consist unimagin that probabl the onli way to have save the film is with the aid of those wisecrack mysteri scienc theater 3000 guy .
noth more or less than an outright bodice-ripp -- it should have ditch the artsi pretens and revel in the entertain shallow .
a live testament to the power of the eccentr and the strang .
the fact that it is n't veri good is almost besid the point .
feel less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feed sequel in the escap from new york seri .
what might have been accept on the print page of ile ' book doe not translat well to the screen .
if oscar had a categori call best bad film you thought was go to be realli aw but was n't , guy would probabl be duke it out with the queen of the damn for the honor .
a poki and pseudo-seri exercis in sham actor workshop and an affect malais .
mediocr fabl from burkina faso .
fessenden has nurtur his metaphor at the expens of his narrat , but he doe display an origin talent .
sinc the movi is base on a nichola spark best seller , you know death is lurk around the corner , just wait to spoil thing .
bottom-rung new jack citi wannab .
fincher take no appar joy in make movi , and he give none to the audienc .
it 's mild amus , but i certain ca n't recommend it .
nichola nicklebi celebr the human spirit with such unrel dickensian decenc that it turn me -lrb- horror ! -rrb-
into scroog .
fear dot com is more frustrat than a modem that disconnect everi 10 second .
full of flatul joke and mild sexual refer , kung pow !
is the kind of movi that 's critic-proof , simpli becaus it aim so low .
may caus you to bite your tongu to keep from laugh at the ridicul dialog or the oh-so conveni plot twist .
there are just too mani charact say too mani clever thing and get into too mani pointless situat .
where 's the movi here ?
a dark , dull thriller with a part shot that misfir .
lack substanc and soul , crossroad come up shorter than britney 's cutoff .
cassavet think he 's make dog day afternoon with a caus , but all he 's done is to reduc everyth he touch to a shrill , didact cartoon .
buri an interest storylin about moral and the choic we make underneath such a mountain of clich and borrow imag that it might more accur be titl mr. chip off the old block .
although sensit to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighti revel , floweri dialogu , and nostalgia for the past and road not taken .
it 's so bad made on everi level that i 'm actual have a hard time believ peopl were paid to make it .
without non-stop techno or the existenti overton of a kieslowski moral tale , MaelstrÃ¶m is just anoth winter sleeper .
nick , seem uncertain what 's go to make peopl laugh , run the gamut from stale parodi to raunchi sex gag to formula romant comedi .
` a ' for creativ but come across more as a sketch for a full-length comedi .
if there 's one thing this world need less of , it 's movi about colleg that are written and direct by peopl who could n't pass an entranc exam .
the script kick in , and mr. hartley 's distend pace and foot-drag rhythm follow .
-lrb- e -rrb- ventual , everi idea in this film is flush down the latrin of heroism .
i am sorri that i was unabl to get the full brunt of the comedi .
no telegraph is too obvious or simplist for this movi .
look and feel like a project better suit for the small screen .
in it best moment , resembl a bad high school product of greas , without benefit of song .
indiffer implaus popcorn programm of a movi .
it 's inoffens , cheer , built to inspir the young peopl , set to an unend soundtrack of beach parti pop number and asid from it remark camerawork and awesom sceneri , it 's about as excit as a sunburn .
his comedi premis are often hackney or just plain crude , calcul to provok shock laughter , without follow up on a deeper level .
christina ricci comedi about sympathi , hypocrisi and love is a misfir .
at time , the suspens is palpabl , but by the end there 's a sens that the crux of the mysteri hing on a technic that strain credul and leav the viewer haunt by the wast of potenti .
they should have call it gutterbal .
thekid will probabl stay amus at the kaleidoscop of big , color charact .
mom and dad can catch some qualiti naptim along the way .
it 's too self-import and plod to be funni , and too clip and abbrevi to be an epic .
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchi ... is that he obvious doe n't have his heart in it .
less dizzi than just dizzi , the jaunt is practic over befor it begin .
slick piec of cross-promot .
taylor appear to have blown his entir budget on soundtrack right and had noth left over for joke .
it believ it 's reveal some great human truth , when , in realiti , it 's churn ground that has long pass the point of be fertil .
it all drag on so intermin it 's like watch a miser relationship unfold in real time .
villeneuv spend too much time wallow in bibi 's generic angst -lrb- there are a lot of shot of her gaze out window -rrb- .
-lrb- t -rrb- here 's onli so much anyon can do with a florid , overplot , ann rice rock n roll vampir novel befor the built-in silli of the whole affair defeat them .
it 's anoth video movi photograph like a film , with the bad light that 's often written off as indi film natur .
the techno tux is good for a few laugh , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turn out to be a cheap knockoff , we ca n't recommend anyth but a rental for the tuxedo .
i got a headach watch this meaningless downer .
apart from dazzl cinematographi , we ve seen just about everyth in blue crush in one form or the other .
too much of the humor fall flat .
detox is ultim a pointless endeavor .
van wilder doe n't bring anyth new to the proverbi tabl , but it doe possess a coher absent in recent crass-a-thon like tomcat , freddi got finger , and slacker .
the piquant stori need more dramat meat on it bone .
veri special effect , brilliant bold color and heighten realiti ca n't hide the giant achill ' heel in `` stuart littl 2 `` : there 's just no stori , folk .
the plot combin the blue brother and almost famous -lrb- but with bear , and a g rate -rrb- , with an excruci dollop of disney sentiment mix in for good measur .
no way i can believ this load of junk .
`` roger michel -lrb- '' not hill `` -rrb- direct a moral thriller . '' it 's dumb , but more import , it 's just not scari .
there is no pleasur in watch a child suffer .
just embarrass and a vagu sens of shame .
the movi 's accumul forc still feel like an ugli knot tighten in your stomach .
but is that knot from dramat tension or a symptom of artist malnutrit ?
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-r flame tattoo cover his shoulder , howev , kilmer seem to be pose , rather than act .
and that leav a hole in the center of the salton sea .
there 's just no currenc in derid jame bond for be a clich , dodder , misogynist boy 's club .
when the film end , i felt tire and drain and want to lie on my own deathb for a while .
full of witless joke , deal in broad stereotyp and outrag unbeliev scenario , and saddl with a general air of misogyni
the film 's hackney messag is not help by the thin character , nonexist plot and pretenti visual style .
the iditarod last for day - this just felt like it did .
it feel like an after-school special gussi up with some fanci special effect , and watch it rote plot point connect is about as excit as gaze at an egg timer for 93 minut .
this movi is madden .
it convey a simpl messag in a visual style that is will overwrought .
should have been someon els -
the film is base on truth and yet there is someth about it that feel incomplet , as if the real stori start just around the corner .
whi make a documentari about these margin histor figur ?
would n't one about their famous dad , author of death in venic , etc. , be more valuabl ?
the lower your expect , the more you ll enjoy it .
rare has leukemia look so shimmer and benign .
... is an arthrit attempt at direct by calli khouri .
i had to look away - this was god aw .
even in this less-than-mag kingdom , rees rule .
veloc repres everyth wrong with '' independ film '' as a commodifi , sold-out concept on the american filmmak scene .
just one bad idea after anoth .
becaus of an unnecessari and clumsi last scene , ` swimfan ' left me with a veri bad feel .
though moonlight mile is replet with acclaim actor and actress and tackl a subject that 's potenti move , the movi is too predict and too self-consci to reach a level of high drama .
a movi that hover somewher between an acut charact studi and a trite power struggl .
corpus collosum -- while undeni interest -- wore out it welcom well befor the end credit roll about 45 minut in .
the last 20 minut are somewhat redeem , but most of the movi is the same teenag american road-trip drek we ve seen befor - onli this time you have to read the fart joke
it 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utter unlik , and shiner , star michael cain as an age british box promot desper for a tast of fame and fortun , is certain that .
a by-the-numb effort that wo n't do much to enhanc the franchis .
involv two mysteri -- one it give away and the other featur such bad drawn charact that it outcom hard matter .
overal the film feel like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .
it 's of the qualiti of a lesser harrison ford movi - six day , seven night , mayb , or that dread sabrina remak .
it appear that someth has been lost in the translat to the screen .
despit all evid to the contrari , this clunker has somehow manag to pose as an actual featur movi , the kind that charg full admiss and get hype on tv and purport to amus small children and ostens adult .
an unclassifi aw studi in self - and audience-abus .
this movi is someth of an impostor itself , stretch and pad it materi in a blur of dead end and distract camera work .
hey arnold !
the movi could have been made 40 year ago , and parent ' appreci of it may depend on whether they consid that a good thing .
this one is definit one to skip , even for horror movi fanat .
excess , profan , pack with cartoonish violenc and comic-strip charact .
onc the 50 year old benigni appear as the titl charact , we find ourselv long for the block of wood to come back .
a work class `` us vs. them '' opera that leav no heartstr untug and no liber caus unplund .
if the movi succeed in instil a wari sens of ` there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-consci to draw you deepli into it world .
there are simpli too mani idea float around -- part farc , part slide door , part pop video -- and yet fail to exploit them .
it take a strang kind of lazi to wast the talent of robert forster , ann meara , eugen levi , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movi .
we have n't seen such hilar sinc say it is n't so !
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsens , just with differ sceneri .
the cold turkey would ve been a far better titl .
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni play the wooden boy pinocchio is scari enough .
the realiti of the new live-act pinocchio he direct , cowrot and star in border on the grotesqu .
the ga-zillionth airhead movi about a wife in distress who resort to desper measur .
zaidan 's script has bare enough plot to string the stunt togeth and not quit enough character to keep the face straight .
tri as i may , i ca n't think of a singl good reason to see this movi , even though everyon in my group extemporan shout , ` thank you ! '
when leguizamo final plug an irrit charact late in the movi .
while it 's nice to watch a movi that has n't been focus-group into tedium , yu 's cinemat alchemi produc near as much lead as gold .
it treat women like idiot .
though catch me if you can is n't bad made , the fun slowli leak out of the movi .
just an averag comed dateflick but not a wast of time .
a valueless kiddi paean to pro basketbal underwritten by the nba .
impostor has a hand of thrill moment and a coupl of good perform , but the movi doe n't quit fli .
for starter , the stori is just too slim .
so much facil techniqu , such cute idea , so littl movi .
the experi of go to a film festiv is a reward one the experienc of sampl one through this movi is not .
the film take the materi of human tragedi and dress them in love costum , southern california locat and star power .
it has it moment of swagger camaraderi , but more often just feel generic , deriv and done to death .
almost gag on it own gore .
how do you spell clich ?
it 's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasion funni and about as compel as a fish show .
the moviego equival of go to a dinner parti and be forc to watch the host and hostess 's home video of their babi 's birth .
while -lrb- hill -rrb- has learn new trick , the trick alon are not enough to salvag this lifeless box film .
in the real world , an actor this uncharismat beauti would have a resum load with credit like `` girl in bar # 3 . ''
too much of it feel unfocus and underdevelop .
under 15 ?
a giggl a minut .
over age 15 ?
big fat wast of time .
hey arnold !
the movi is what happen when you blow up small potato to 10 time their natur size , and it ai n't pretti .
sometim seem less like storytel than someth the otherwis compel director need to get off his chest .
this is not the undisput worst box movi ever , but it 's certain not a champion - the big loser is the audienc .
you realli have to wonder how on earth anyon , anywher could have thought they 'd make audienc guffaw with a script as utter diabol as this .
in the end , we are left with someth like two ship pass in the night rather than ani insight into gay love , chines societi or the price one pay for be dishonest .
choke on it own depict of upper-crust decorum .
well-nigh unendur ... though the pictur strain to becom cinemat poetri , it remain depress prosaic and dull .
i thought my own watch had stop keep time as i slog my way through clockstopp .
while much of the cast has charm -- especi allodi and nolden -- the perform are sunk by the film 's primit approach to the mechan of comedi .
this directori debut from music video show-off higuchinski is all flash .
yes , ballist is silli .
unfortun , it 's not silli fun unless you enjoy realli bad movi .
the twist that end the movi is the one with the most emot reson , but twist are get irrit , and this is the kind of materi where the filmmak should be veri care about rais eyebrow .
the longer the movi goe , the wors it get , but it 's actual pretti good in the first few minut .
while it 's genuin cool to hear charact talk about earli rap record -lrb- sugar hill gang , etc. -rrb- , the constant referenc of hip-hop arcana can alien even the savviest audienc .
not onli unfunni , but downright repel .
care deft captur the wonder and menac of grow up , but he never realli embrac the joy of fuhrman 's destruct escap or the grace-in-rebellion found by his charact .
forc , familiar and thorough condescend .
doe littl more than play an innocu game of fill-in - the-blank with a tragic past .
k-19 exploit our substanti collect fear of nuclear holocaust to generat cheap hollywood tension .
has a long and clunki end ... which forc the audienc to fidget through ten pseudo-seri minut while wait for the end credit and the delet scene montag to break the audienc 's awkward silenc
a ragbag of promis idea and fail narrat , of good act and plain old bad filmmak .
whaley 's determin to immers you in sheer , unrel wretched is exhaust .
uncommon stylish but equal silli ... the pictur fail to generat much suspens , nor doe it ask search enough question to justifi it pretens .
the entir movi is about a bore , sad man be bore and sad .
the plot convolut ultim add up to noth more than jerk the audienc 's chain .
confirm the nag suspicion that ethan hawk would be even wors behind the camera than he is in front of it .
made with no discern craft and monstrous sanctimoni in deal with childhood loss .
it 's a trifl of a movi , with a few laugh surround an unremark soft center .
holden caulfield did it better .
a synthesi of clich and absurd that seem posit decad in it cinemat flash and empti .
oh come on .
like you could n't smell this turkey rot from mile away .
if it 's seldom bore , well , it 's also rare coher .
simplist fluff-bal of whimsi .
not exact the bee knee
it doe noth new with the old stori , except to show fisticuff in this sort of stop-go slow motion that make the gang rumbl look like they re be stream over a 28k modem .
the kind of spectacular misconceiv enterpris that onli a sophist cinephil could have perpetr .
make for some truli odd , at time confus , kid entertain ... but at least this time there 's some center storytel to go along with all the weird stuff .
the film contain no good joke , no good scene , bare a moment when carvey 's saturday night live-hon mimicri rise abov the level of embarrass .
jacquot 's render of puccini 's tale of devot and double-cross is more than just a film opera .
in his first stab at the form , jacquot take a slight anarch approach that work onli sporad .
chabrol has taken promis materi for a black comedi and turn it instead into a somber chamber drama .
it 's as if you re watch a movi that was made in 1978 but not releas then becaus it was so weak , and it has been unearth and releas now , when it has becom even weaker .
this is noth but familiar territori .
in execut , this clever idea is far less funni than the origin , killer from space .
one of the more irrit cartoon you will see this , or ani , year .
a broad , melodramat estrogen opera that 's pretti toxic in it own right .
too slow , too long and too littl happen .
the film 's few idea are stretch to the point of evapor the whole central section is one big chase that seem to have no goal and no urgenc .
it 's just filler .
sacrific the valu of it wealth of archiv foot-ag with it less-than-object stanc .
utter lack in charm , wit and invent , roberto benigni 's pinocchio is an astonish bad film .
a hamfist romant comedi that make our girl the hapless facilit of an extend cheap shot across the mason-dixon line .
score no point for origin , wit , or intellig .
it 's a cookie-cutt movi , a cut-and-past job .
they take a long time to get to it gasp-induc end .
bare get off the ground .
even on those rare occas when the narrat stop yammer , miller 's hand often feel unsur .
pumpkin mean to be an outrag dark satir on fratern life , but it ambit far exceed the abil of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , toni r. abram , in their featur debut .
at it best , queen is campi fun like the vincent price horror classic of the 60s .
at it worst , it implod in a seri of veri bad special effect .
from the open scene , it 's clear that all about the benjamin is a total formula movi .
it take a certain kind of horror movi to qualifi as ` wors than expect , ' but ghost ship somehow manag to do exact that .
on the bright side , it contain jess ventura 's best work sinc the xfl .
despit impecc act ... and a script that take some rather unexpect -lrb- even , at time , preposter -rrb- turn , love is just too , too precious in the end .
a tv style murder mysteri with a few big screen moment -lrb- includ one that seem to be made for a differ film altogeth -rrb- .
by get myself wrap up in the visual and eccentr of mani of the charact , i found myself confus when it came time to get to the heart of the movi .
too often , the viewer is n't react to humor so much as they are winc back in repugn .
dilbert without the right-on satir humor .
manag to show life in all of it banal when the intent is quit the opposit .
do not see this film .
minor report is exact what the titl indic , a report .
deliv the same old same old , tart up with latin flava and turn out by hollywood playa .
if you believ ani of this , i can make you a real deal on leftov enron stock that will doubl in valu a week from friday .
to call the other side of heaven `` appal '' would be to underestim just how danger entertain like it can be .
in exact 89 minut , most of which pass as slowli as if i 'd been sit nake on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirki to jerki to utter turkey .
if onli the stori about a multi-million dollar con bother to includ the con .
i 'd have to say the star and director are the big problem here .
without the dark spooki of crystal lake camp , the horror concept complet lose it creepi menac .
it 's like everi bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compil in one place , minus those daytim program ' slick and sophist -lrb- and who knew they even had ani ? -rrb- .
while the resid evil game may have set new standard for thrill , suspens , and gore for video game , the movi realli onli succeed in the third of these .
for close to two hour the audienc is forc to endur three termin depress , most inarticul , hyper dysfunct famili for the price of one .
to my tast , the film 's comic charact come peril close to be amos and andi for a new generat .
what the director ca n't do is make either of val kilmer 's two persona interest or worth care about .
in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appear either too serious or too lightheart , it offend by just be wishy-washi .
it 's difficult to imagin the process that produc such a script , but here 's guess that spray chees and underarm nois play a crucial role .
harland william is so funni in drag he should consid perman sex-reassign .
... noth scari here except for some aw act and lame special effect .
it 's not that kung pow is n't funni some of the time -- it just is n't ani funnier than bad martial art movi are all by themselv , without all oedekerk 's impish augment .
a veri long movi , dull in stretch , with entir too much focus on meal prepar and igloo construct .
not an objection or dull film it mere lack everyth except good intent .
a science-fict pastich so lack in origin that if you strip away it inspir there would be precious littl left .
onc -lrb- kim -rrb- begin to overplay the shock tactic and bait-and-tackl metaphor , you may decid it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmer pictur postcard .
the word , ` frank , my dear , i do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropri .
what 's next : `` my mother the car ? ''
all the amped-up toni hawk-styl stunt and thrash rap-met ca n't disguis the fact that , realli , we ve been here , done that .
a sequel that 's much too big for it britch .
so unremit aw that label it a dog probabl constitut cruelti to canin .
what was onc origin has been co-opt so frequent that it now seem pedestrian .
a perplex exampl of promis unfulfil , despit mani charm moment .
for all the writh and wail , tear , rage and opium overdos , there 's no sens of actual passion be wash away in love 's dissolut .
a coars and stupid gross-out .
a nightmar date with a half-form wit done a great disservic by a lack of critic distanc and a sad trust in liber art colleg bumper sticker platitud .
doe n't offer much besid glib soulless , raunchi languag and a seri of brutal set piec ... that rais the bar on styliz screen violenc .
there 's someth with potenti here , but the movi decid , like lavinia , to go the conserv rout .
it 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thril revolv around group therapi session .
the stripped-down approach doe give the film a certain timeless qualiti , but the measur pace and lack of dramat inflect can also seem tedious .
but the power of these -lrb- subject -rrb- is obscur by the major of the film that show a stationari camera on a subject that could be mistaken for give a public orat , rather than contribut to a film 's narrat .
rare has so much money deliv so littl entertain .
tri to add some spice to it quirki sentiment but the tast is all too familiar .
paid in full is so stale , in fact , that it most vibrant scene is one that use clip from brian de palma 's scarfac .
that 's a cheat .
harrison 's flower put it heart in the right place , but it brain are in no particular place at all .
this re-do is so dumb and so exploit in it violenc that , iron , it becom everyth that the rather clumsi origin was rail against .
a string of rehash sight gag base in insipid vulgar .
the movi is dawn of the dead cross with john carpent 's ghost of mar , with zombi not as ghoulish as the first and train not as big as the second .
basic a static seri of semi-improvis -lrb- and semi-coher -rrb- rap between the star .
too restrain to be a freak show , too mercenari and obvious to be cerebr , too dull and pretenti to be engag ... the isl defi an easi categor .
an unpredict blend of gal-pal smart talk , romant comedi and dark tragedi that bite off consider more than writer\/director john mckay can swallow .
it 's one of those basebal pictur where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kid are as cute as all get-out and the odd against success are long enough to intimid , but short enough to make a dream seem possibl .
`` the time machin '' is a movi that has no interest in itself .
it doe n't believ in itself , it has no sens of humor ... it 's just plain bore .
... a hollow joke told by a cinemat gymnast have too much fun embellish the misanthrop tale to actual engag it .
a moros littl soap opera about three vapid , insensit peopl who take turn hurt each other .
it 's a feature-length adapt of one of those `` can this marriag be save ? ''
column from ladi home journal ...
the film 's essenti over by the meet-cut .
i 'm sure if you re a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself ... me , i did n't care for it .
it 's about follow your dream , no matter what your parent think .
socrat motion for hemlock .
the script is n't veri good not even someon as gift as hoffman -lrb- the actor -rrb- can make it work .
walter hill 's pulpi , styliz box melodrama undisput near overcom it question in-the-r match-up with solid fight choreographi and gritti prison authent .
it has all the excit of eat oatmeal .
it 's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film becaus for everi thing it doe right there 's at least one and occasion two thing it get ever so wrong .
although there are sever truli jolt scare , there 's also an abund of hackney dialogu and more silli satan busi than you can shake a sever limb at .
i ll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
star trek : nemesi meek goe where near everi star trek movi has gone befor .
wince-induc dialogu , thrift-shop costum , prosthet makeup by silli putti and kmart blue-light-speci effect all conspir to test trekki loyalti .
like all abstract art , the film doe not make this statement in an easili access way , and -- unless prewarn -- it would be veri possibl for a reason intellig person to sit through it tidal wave of imageri and not get this vision at all .
i do n't mind have my heartstr pull , but do n't treat me like a fool .
... although this idea is `` new '' the result are tire .
i 'm guess the director is a magician .
after all , he took three minut of dialogu , 30 second of plot and turn them into a 90-minut movi that feel five hour long .
an unencourag threefold expans on the former mtv seri , accompani the stunt-hungri dimwit in a random seri of collect gag , prank , pratfal , dare , injuri , etc. .
it well of thorn and vinegar -lrb- and simpl human -rrb- has long been plunder by similar work featur the insight and punch this pictur so conspicu lack .
for all it impress craftsmanship , and despit an overbear seri of third-act crescendo , lili chou-chou never realli build up a head of emot steam .
do n't be fool by the impress cast list - eye see you is pure junk .
not sinc freddi got finger has a major releas been so pain to sit through .
the documentari doe littl , apart from rais the topic , to further stoke the convers .
play like a volatil and overlong w magazin fashion spread .
a better titl , for all concern , might be swept under the rug .
this movi seem to have been written use mad-lib .
there can be no other explan .
hilari inept and ridicul .
vera 's technic prowess end up sell his film short he smooth over hard truth even as he uncov them .
-lrb- a -rrb- shapeless blob of desper entertain .
feel too formula and too familiar to produc the transgress thrill of earli underground work .
given how heavy-hand and portent-heavi it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .
a by-the-numb patient\/doctor pic that cover all the usual ground
a dumb movi with dumb charact do dumb thing and you have to be realli dumb not to see where this is go .
steal harvard aspir to comed grand larceni but stand convict of noth more than petti theft of your time .
pretens , in it own way , is a form of braveri .
for this reason and this reason onli -- the power of it own steadfast , hoity-to convict -- chelsea wall deserv a medal .
with the except of some fleet amus improvis by cedric the entertain as perri 's boss , there is n't a redeem moment here .
it 's a grab bag of genr that do n't add up to a whole lot of sens .
movi fan , get readi to take off ... the other direct .
-lrb- director -rrb- o'fallon manag to put some love pictur up on the big screen , but his skill at tell a stori -- he also contribut to the screenplay -- fall short .
the intent is almost exact the same -lrb- as the full monti -rrb- .
all that 's miss is the spontan , origin and delight .
no one but a convict guilti of some truli heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguis .
even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anyth more than a hotdog , and robert de niro ca n't make this movi anyth more than a trashi cop buddi comedi .
there 's too much fals to the second half , and what began as an intrigu look at youth fizzl into a dull , ridicul attempt at heart-tug .
it 's not without it pleasur , but i ll stick with the tune .
miller is play so free with emot , and the fact that children are hostag to fortun , that he make the audienc hostag to his swagger affect of serious .
despit the evoc aesthet evinc the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percol beyond a monoton whine .
more maudlin than sharp .
this is an egotist endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento -lrb- a produc here -rrb- , but her raw perform and utter fearless make it strang magnet .
it 's slow -- veri , veri slow .
it 's not the ultim depression-era gangster movi .
that 's pure pr hype .
charact still need to function accord to some set of believ and comprehens impuls , no matter how mani drug they do or how much artist licens avari employ .
come ... uncomfort close to coast in the tread of the bicycl thief .
visual rather stun , but ultim a handsome-look bore , the true creativ would have been to hide treasur planet entir and complet reimagin it .
steal harvard is evid that the farrelli bros. -- peter and bobbi -- and their brand of screen comedi are wheez to an end , along with green 's half-heart movi career .
there seem to be no clear path as to where the stori 's go , or how long it 's go to take to get there .
if you re a wwf fan , or you relat to the peopl who watch the robot get butcher in a.i. , you ll probabl like rollerbal .
i do n't think i laugh out loud onc .
and when you re talk about a slapstick comedi , that 's a pretti big problem .
it 's so mediocr , despit the dynam duo on the marque , that we just ca n't get no satisfact .
slapstick buffooneri can tickl mani a preschool 's fanci , but when it cost a famili of four about $ 40 to see a film in theater , whi spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigre instead ?
... turn so unforgiv trite in it last 10 minut that anyon without a fortifi sweet tooth will like go into sugar shock .
the notion that bomb build is the funniest thing in the world goe entir unexamin in this startl unfunni comedi .
my reaction in a word : disappoint .
his last movi was poetic romant and full of indel imag , but his latest has noth go for it .
it kinda work and qualifi as cool at time , but is just too lame to work or be cool at other .
sustain it dreamlik glide through a success of cheesi coincid and voluptu cheap effect , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamo .
intrigu documentari which is emot dilut by focus on the stori 's least interest subject .
feel haphazard , as if the writer mistaken thought they could achiev an air of frantic spontan by simpli toss in lot of charact do silli stuff and stir the pot .
for each chuckl there are at least 10 complet miss , mani come from the amaz lifelik tara reid , whose act skill are compar to a cardboard cutout .
in it own way , joshua is as blasphem and nonsens as a lui Buñuel film without the latter 's attend intellig , poetri , passion , and genius .
i ve alway dream of attend cann , but after see this film , it 's not that big a deal .
the vintag is pure ' 87 , with a halfheart twist on it cautionari messag : fatal attract = do n't have an affair with a nutjob unfaith = do n't if you re marri to one .
a workshop mental prevail .
it can not be enjoy , even on the level that one enjoy a bad slasher flick , primarili becaus it is dull .
yes , dull .
pumpkin want to have it both way .
director uwe boll and the actor provid scant reason to care in this crude 70s throwback .
-lrb- w -rrb- hile long on amiabl monkey and worthi environment , jane goodal 's wild chimpanze is short on the thrill the overs medium demand .
outer-spac buff might love this film , but other will find it pleasur intermitt .
this piec of channel 5 grade trash is , quit frank , an insult to the intellig of the true genr enthusiast .
an occasion funni , but overal limp , fish-out-of-wat stori .
a bloat gasbag thesi grotesqu impress by it own gargantuan aura of self-import ...
it 's mighti tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleas charact , hit-and-miss perform and awkward stage scene .
as a rumor of angel reveal itself to be a sudsi tub of supernatur hokum , not even ms. redgrav 's noblest effort can redeem it from hopeless sentiment .
new best friend 's playboy-mans present of colleg life is laugh-out-loud ludicr .
an appal ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manag to bring togeth kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolli parton .
if ani of them list this ` credit ' on their resum in the futur , that ll be much funnier than anyth in the film ...
the humor is forc and heavy-hand , and occasion simpli unpleas .
scorses at his best make gangster film that are equal love but also relentless brutal and brutal intellig perdit , meanwhil , read more like drive miss daisi than goodfella .
while the script start promis , it lose steam toward the middl and never realli develop beyond attack obvious target .
as the latest bid in the tv-to-movi franchis game , i spi make it big-screen entri with littl of the nervi origin of it groundbreak small-screen progenitor .
this is n't even madonna 's swept away .
this is her blue lagoon .
the director know how to appli textur gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strict sitcom .
... the film suffer from a lack of humor -lrb- someth need to balanc out the violenc -rrb- ... burn never realli har to full effect the energet cast .
an overemphat , would-b wacki , ultim tedious sex farc .
has all the depth of a wade pool .
this is the sort of bur action flick where one coincid pummel anoth , narrat necess is a drunken roundhous , and whatev pass for logic is a factor of the last plot devic left stand .
the so-inept - it 's - surreal dub -lrb- featur the voic of glenn close , regi philbin and breckin meyer -rrb- bring back memori of cheesi old godzilla flick .
... the movi is just a plain old monster .
if this dispos tissu has one wild card , it 's john turturro , who 's simpli fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish .
one long string of clich .
fanci a real downer ?
-lrb- leigh -rrb- lay it on so thick this time that it feel like a suicid race .
profession speak , it 's tempt to jump ship in januari to avoid ridicul schlock like this shoddi suspens thriller .
nelson 's brutal unsentiment approach ... suck the human from the film , leav behind an horrif but weird unemot spectacl .
weav a spell over you , with it disturb close-up look at damag psych and it subtl undercurr of danger .
but it awkward structur keep break the spell .
at onc half-bak and overh .
there 's a solid woman - finding-herself stori somewher in here , but you 'd have to dig pretti deep to uncov it .
i still ca n't relat to stuart : he 's a mous , for cryin ' out loud , and all he doe is milk it with despond eye and whine that nobodi treat him human enough .
-lrb- serri -rrb- want to blend polit and drama , an admir ambit .
it 's too bad that the help hand he use to stir his ingredi is also a heavi one .
by the miser standard to which the slasher genr has sunk , ... actual pretti good .
of cours , by more object measur it 's still quit bad .
the onli entertain you ll deriv from this choppi and sloppi affair will be from unintent giggl -- sever of them .
sam mend has becom valedictorian at the school for soft land and easi way out .
exact what it claim to be -- a simpl divers for the kid .
it stori may be a thousand year old , but whi did it have to seem like it took anoth thousand to tell it to us ?
the problem with this film is that it lack focus .
i sympath with the plight of these famili , but the movi doe n't do a veri good job convey the issu at hand .
a momentari escap from the summer heat and the sedentari doldrum that set in at this time of year .
... think of it as american pie on valium .
dull , lifeless , and amateurish assembl .
puport `` base on true event , '' a convolut of languag that suggest it 's imposs to claim that it is `` base on a true stori '' with a straight face .
... a plotlin that 's as lumpi as two-day old porridg ... the filmmak ' paw , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear- '' project !
it 's a bad thing when a movi has about as much substanc as it end credit blooper reel .
with it dog hollywood natur and the inexor passag of it charact toward sainthood , windtalk is noth but a sticky-sweet soap .
some of it is clever , but it is never melod \/
better to just call it abc kiarostami .
for aid and africa are noth more than part of the sceneri .
no aspir to social import inform the movi version .
this is a shameless sham , calcul to cash in on the popular of it star .
manag to be somewhat well-act , not bad art-direct and utter unengag no matter how hard it tri to be thrill , touch or , yike , uproari .
this rather superfici arthous middle-brow film know how to pleas a crowd , and that 's about all it doe well .
it 's clear the filmmak were n't sure where they want their stori to go , and even more clear that they lack the skill to get us to this undetermin destin .
as vulgar as it is banal .
you wonder whi enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movi .
the film 's tone and pace are off almost from the get-go .
the talent and clever robert rodriguez perhap put a littl too much heart into his first film and did n't reserv enough for his second .
more whini downer than corrusc commentari .
tambor and clayburgh make an appeal coupl -- he 's underst and sardon , she 's appeal manic and energet .
both deserv better .
suffoc by it fussi script and uptight charact , this musti adapt is all the more annoy sinc it 's been packag and sold back to us by hollywood .
cough and sputter on it own postmodern conceit .
a wild inconsist emot experi .
sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time your dvd player will do it for you .
a sometim tedious film .
teen movi have realli hit the skid .
there are plot hole big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
... play like somebodi splice random moment of a chris rock routin into what is otherwis a cliche-riddl but self-seri spi thriller .
nasti , ugli , pointless and depress , even if you hate clown .
what is 100 % miss here is a script of even the most element literaci , an inkl of genuin wit , and anyth resembl act .
doe paint some memor imag ... , but makhmalbaf keep her distanc from the charact
it use the pain and violenc of war as background materi for color .
just not campi enough
the movi , direct by mick jackson , leav no clich unturn , from the predict plot to the charact straight out of central cast .
it 's everyth you do n't go to the movi for .
like watch a dress rehears the week befor the show goe up : everyth 's in place but someth 's just a littl off-kilt .
the affection loopi that onc seem congenit to demm 's perspect has a tough time emerg from between the bad date cutesy-pi mysteri scenario and the newfangl hollywood post-product effect .
for all it technic virtuos , the film is so mire in juvenil and near-xenophob pedagogi that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handl the rigor of filmmak .
american chai encourag rueful laughter at stereotyp onli an indian-american would recogn .
and the lesson , in the end , is noth new .
it made me want to wrench my eye out of my head and toss them at the screen .
due to some script weak and the cast of the director 's brother , the film trail off into inconsequenti .
... plot hole so larg and obvious a march band might as well be stomp through them in clown cloth , play a colleg footbal fight song on untun instrument .
so devoid of ani kind of intellig stori that it make film like xxx and collater damag seem like thought treatis
combin quick-cut edit and a blare heavi metal much of the time , beck seem to be under the illus that he 's shoot the latest system of a down video .
dragonfli has no atmospher , no tension -- noth but costner , flail away .
it 's a buggi drag .
work hard to establish round charact , but then has noth fresh or particular interest to say about them .
the action switch between past and present , but the materi link is too tenuous to anchor the emot connect that purport to span a 125-year divid .
nonsens , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercis in flat scare and bad act .
instead of hide pinocchio from critic , miramax should have hidden it from everyon .
manag to be both repuls sadist and mundan .
a great ensembl cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterpris out of the familiar .
there ought to be a direct licens , so that ed burn can have his revok .
the structur the film take may find matt damon and ben affleck onc again look for residu as this offici complet a good will hunt trilog that was never plan .
wherea last year 's exemplari sexi beast seem to revit the british gangster movi , this equal brutal outing mere sustain it .
... a bore parad of talk head and technic gibberish that will do littl to advanc the linux caus .
green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robberi may be the onli way to pay for his next project .
i can take infantil humor ... but this is the sort of infantil that make you wonder about chang the director and writer 's diaper .
there is n't near enough fun here , despit the presenc of some appeal ingredi .
the tale of tok -lrb- andi lau -rrb- , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o -lrb- takashi sorimachi -rrb- , the most legendari of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .
direct in a paint-by-numb manner .
a cheer enough but immin forgett rip-off of -lrb- besson 's -rrb- earlier work .
a lacklust , unessenti sequel to the classic disney adapt of j.m. barri 's peter pan .
samira makhmalbaf 's new film blackboard is much like the etho of a stream of conscious , although , it 's unfortun for the viewer that the thought and reflect come through are torpid and banal
... routin , harmless divers and littl els .
late marriag 's stiff is unlik to demonstr the emot clout to sweep u.s. viewer off their feet .
this time mr. burn is tri someth in the martin scorses street-realist mode , but his self-regard sentiment trip him up again .
while there 's someth intrins funni about sir anthoni hopkin say ` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerri bruckheim product has littl els to offer
it 's hamper by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
let 's hope -- shall we ?
-- that the ` true stori ' by which all the queen 's men is alleg `` inspir '' was a lot funnier and more deft enact than what 's been cobbl togeth onscreen .
is there a group of more self-absorb women than the mother and daughter featur in this film ?
i do n't think so .
noth wrong with perform here , but the whiney charact bug me .
there is veri littl dread or apprehens , and though i like the creepi idea , they are not execut with anyth more than perfunctori skill .
if you ve ever entertain the notion of do what the titl of this film impli , what sex with stranger actual show may put you off the idea forev .
in the end , the movi collaps on it shaki foundat despit the best effort of director joe carnahan .
adult will wish the movi were less simplist , obvious , clumsili plot and shallowli character .
but what are adult do in the theater at all ?
sticki sweet sentiment , clumsi plot and a rosili myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermin this adapt .
it 's anoth stale , kill-by-numb flick , complet with blade-thin charact and terribl , pun-laden dialogu .
everi time you look , sweet home alabama is take anoth bummer of a wrong turn .
partway through watch this saccharin , easter-egg-color concoct , you realiz that it is made up of three episod of a reject tv show .
the overal effect is less like a children 's movi than a recruit film for futur hollywood sellout .
portent and pretenti , the weight of water is appropri titl , given the heavy-handed of it drama .
a fit amus romp that , if noth els , will appeal to fan of malcolm in the middl and it pubesc star , franki muniz .
jason x is posit anti-darwinian : nine sequel and 400 year later , the teen are none the wiser and jason still kill on auto-pilot .
to say this was done better in wilder 's some like it hot is like say the sun rise in the east .
at the veri least , if you do n't know anyth about derrida when you walk into the theater , you wo n't know much more when you leav .
the actor are appeal , but elysian field is idiot and absurd sentiment .
as ` chick flick ' go , this one is pretti miser , resort to string-pul rather than legitim charact develop and intellig plot .
the onli excit come when the credit final roll and you get to leav the theater .
there 's no emot puls to solari .
with an emot steril to match it outer space set , soderbergh 's spectacular swing for the fenc yield onli a spectacular whiff .
it ca n't decid if it want to be a mystery\/thril , a romanc or a comedi .
deni o'neil 's script avoid the prime sport clich , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglect few other .
the charact of zigzag is not suffici develop to support a film construct around him .
one of those pictur whose promis , if rather precious , premis is undercut by amateurish execut .
serv sara doe n't serv up a whole lot of laugh .
the most hopeless monoton film of the year , noteworthi onli for the gimmick of be film as a singl unbroken 87-minut take .
with virtual no interest element for an audienc to focus on , chelsea wall is a triple-espresso endur challeng .
deaden dull , mire in convolut melodrama , nonsens jargon and stiff-upper-lip labori .
a misogynist piec of filth that attempt to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertain .
like the chelsea 's denizen ... burdett 's collage-form scenario tend to over-romantic the spiritu desol of the struggl artist .
it 's basic an overlong episod of tale from the crypt .
the film make a fatal mistak : it ask us to care about a young man whose onli appar virtu is that he is not quit as unpleas as some of the peopl in his life .
anoth in-your-fac wallow in the lower depth made by peopl who have never sung those blue .
shaki close-up of turkey-on-rol , stubbl chin , liver spot , red nose and the filmmak new bob do draw easi chuckl but lead nowher .
i ca n't quit recommend it -- it 's too patch togeth -- but i almost can it 's the kind of movi that make you want to like it .
complet lack of origin , clever or even visibl effort
though perri and hurley make inspir effort to breath life into the disjoint , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actor nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fit entertain .
someth akin to a japanes alic through the look glass , except that it seem to take itself far more serious .
it take talent to make a lifeless movi about the most heinous man who ever live .
on the whole , the movi lack wit , feel and believ to compens for it incess coars and banal .
the stori and the friendship proceed in such a way that you re watch a soap opera rather than a chronicl of the up and down that accompani lifelong friendship .
offer veri littl genuin romanc and even fewer laugh ... a sad sitcom of a movi , larg devoid of charm .
make for a pretti unpleas view experi .
the movi fail to live up to the sum of it part .
although huppert 's intens and focus has a raw exhilar about it , the piano teacher is anyth but fun .
it showcas carvey 's talent for voic , but not near enough and not without tax everi drop of one 's patienc to get to the good stuff .
bad .
veri bad .
stultifi , dumbfound , mind-numb bad .
may reawaken discuss of the kennedi assassin but this fiction film look made for cabl rather than for the big screen .
if look for a thrill sci-fi cinemat ride , do n't settl for this impost .
not realli bad so much as distast : we need kidnap suspens drama right now like we need doomsday thriller .
the result is a gaudi bag of stale candi , someth from a halloween that die .
davi ... is so enamor of her own creation that she ca n't see how insuffer the charact is .
the man from elysian field is a cold , bliss-less work that groan along think itself some import comment on how life throw us some beguil curv .
the messag of compass and merci are clear , squar and specif expound via comput anim old testament tale of jonah and the whale .
determin to be fun , and bounci , with energet music , the humor did n't quit engag this adult .
histor drama fuse with love triangl is a well worn conceit .
but this film lack the passion requir to sell the materi .
long time dead ?
not near long enough .
noth more substanti than a fit clever doodl .
a solid film ... but more conscienti than it is truli stir .
there 's not enough here to justifi the almost two hour .
the x potion give the quick name blossom , bubbl and buttercup supernatur power that includ extraordinari strength and laser-beam eye , which unfortun do n't enabl them to discern flimsi screenplay .
percept in it vision of nascent industri world polit as a new art form , but far too clunki , didact and saddl with scene that seem simpli an ill fit for this movi .
verbinski implement everi hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spooki .
mcconaughey 's fun to watch , the dragon are okay , not much fire in the script .
an unwis amalgam of broadcast news and vibe .
skin has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grain of salt .
who need love like this ?
hit and miss as far as the comedi goe and a big ole ' miss in the way of stori .
return aggress to his formula of dimwit comedi and even dimmer charact , sandler , who also execut produc , has made a film that make previous vehicl look smart and sassi .
exist then as an occasion insight act exercis .
trite , banal , clich , most inoffens .
mattei is tiresom grave and long-wind , as if circular itself indic profund .
it 's not origin , and , rob of the element of surpris , it doe n't have ani huge laugh in it stori of irrespons cop who love to play prank .
whenev it stori is n't bog down by idioci involv the cia and a lost u.s. satellit , hunter -- star irwin and his american wife\/colleagu , terri -- is a movi children should enjoy .
it offer littl beyond the momentari joy of pretti and weightless intellectu entertain .
a sequenc of ridicul shoot - em - up scene .
noth in wake up in reno ever inspir me to think of it inhabit as anyth more than marker in a screenplay .
i 'm just too bore to care .
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audac to carri a dozen film , but this particular result is ultim held back from be someth greater .
not a stereotyp is omit nor a clich left unsaid .
as befit it titl , this pg-13-rat piffl is ultim as threaten as the snuggl fabric soften bear .
attempt by this ensembl film to impart a messag are so heavy-hand that they instead pummel the audienc .
it all feel like a monti python sketch gone horribl wrong .
nervous breakdown are not entertain .
scorses doe n't give us a charact worth give a damn about .
a beauti made piec of unwatch drivel .
like be trap at a perpetu frat parti ... how can someth so gross be so bore ?
this is so bad .
even film silli need a littl graviti , beyond good hair and hump .
i felt sad for lise not so much becaus of what happen as becaus she was captur by this movi when she obvious belong in someth lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for exampl .
prurient playth asid , there 's littl to love about this english trifl .
this is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefi attempt by the filmmak to force-fe jame bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 year of cinemat histori down the toilet in favor of bright flash and loud bang .
the film flat line when it should peak and is more miss opportun and trifl than dark , decad truffl .
it 's play in the most straight-fac fashion , with littl humor to lighten thing up .
the heavy-hand film is almost laughabl as a consequ .
van wilder bring a whole new mean to the phrase ` comedi gag . '
at least one scene is so disgust that viewer may be hard press to retain their lunch .
a disappoint for those who love altern version of the bard , particular one that involv deep fryer and hamburg .
the film tri too hard to be funni and tri too hard to be hip .
the end result is a film that 's neither .
everi nanosecond of the the new guy remind you that you could be do someth els far more pleasur .
someth like scrub the toilet .
or empti rat trap .
or do last year 's tax with your ex-wif .
scoobi doobi doo \/ and shaggi too \/ you both look and sound great .
\/ but daphn , you re too buff \/ fred think he 's tough \/ and velma - wow , you ve lost weight !
is the time realli ripe for a warmed-ov jame bond adventur , with a villag idiot as the 007 clone ?
there 's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino 's charact are less worthi of puccini than they are of daytim televis .
howev it may pleas those who love movi that blare with pop song , young scienc fiction fan will stomp away in disgust .
the humor is n't as sharp , the effect not as innov , nor the stori as imagin as in the origin .
but it could have been wors .
some of their joke work , but most fail miser and in the end , pumpkin is far more offens than it is funni .
even horror fan will most like not find what they re seek with troubl everi day the movi lack both thrill and humor .
come off like a reject abc afterschool special , freshen up by the dunc of a screenwrit 101 class .
... design to provid a mix of smile and tear , `` crossroad '' instead provok a hand of unintent howler and numer yawn .
it seem to me the film is about the art of rip peopl off without ever let them conscious know you have done so
it 's just disappoint superfici -- a movi that has all the element necessari to be a fascin , involv charact studi , but never doe more than scratch the surfac .
the titl not onli describ it main charact , but the lazi peopl behind the camera as well .
sometim it feel as if it might have been made in the 70s or 80s , and star chevi chase and goldi hawn .
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persist useless movi , and it might as well be the resuscit of the middle-ag charact .
demand too much of most viewer .
the stori drift so inexor into clich about tortur -lrb- and tortur -rrb- artist and consum but imposs love that you ca n't help but becom more disappoint as each overwrought new sequenc plod on .
it should be mention that the set design and interior of the haunt vessel are more than effect creepi and moodili lit .
so i just did .
shameless sappi and , wors , run away from it own provoc theme .
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattl drizzl without rainwear .
the film seem a dead weight .
the lack of pace kill it , although , in a movi about cancer , this might be apt .
for anyon who grew up on disney 's 1950 treasur island , or rememb the 1934 victor fleme classic , this one feel like an impostor .
a clutchi , indulg and pretenti travelogu and diatrib against ... well , just stuff .
watch scarlet diva , one is pois for titil , raw insight or both .
instead , we just get messi anger , a movi as person therapi .
meander , sub-aquat mess : it 's so bad it 's good , but onli if you slide in on a freebi .
the end is a cop-out .
what happen to john q ?
i do n't have an i am sam clue .
has the feel of an unedit person journal .
rememb when bond had more glamour than clamor ?
no more .
cri havoc and let slip the dog of chees , inde .
this charmless nonsens ensu amid clang film refer that make jay and silent bob 's excel adventur seem underst .
it doe n't quit deserv the gong , but there are more fascin act than `` confess of a danger mind . ''
the subject of swing still seem ripe for a documentari -- just not this one .
... hudlin is stuck tri to light a fire with soggi leav .
unlik his directori effort , la femm nikita and the profession , the transport lack besson 's perspect as a storytel .
the overal effect is so complet inan that one would have to be mighti bore to even think of stay with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minut .
most of the support charact in eastwood film are weak , as are most of the subplot .
this one 's weaker than most .
audienc will find no mention of polit prison or persecut that might paint the castro regim in less than saint tone .
the film take too long get to the good stuff , then take too long figur out what to do next .
you can practic smell the patchouli oil .
to say analyz that is de niro 's best film sinc meet the parent sum up the sad state of his recent career .
the actor do n't inhabit their role -- they re trap by them , forc to chang behavior in bizarr unjustifi fashion and spout dialog that consist most of platitud .
an often-dead bore , strang read of a classic whose witti dialogu is treat with a baffl casual approach
this film was made to get laugh from the slowest person in the audienc -- just pure slapstick with lot of inan , inoffens scream and exagger facial express .
consist of a plot and joke done too often by peopl far more talent than ali g
anoth week , anoth gross-out colleg comedi -- ugh .
moder involv despit bargain-bas photographi and hackney romanc .
there is no insight into the anguish of heidi 's life -- onli a depict of pain , today 's version of greek tragedi , the talk-show guest decri her fate .
the edit is chaotic , the photographi graini and bad focus , the write unintent hilari , the direct unfocus , the perform as wooden .
when -lrb- de palma 's -rrb- bad , he 's realli bad , and femm fatal rank with the worst he has done .
tadpol is emblemat of the witless ageism afflict film : young is cool , and too young is too cool .
i doubt anyon will rememb the pictur by the time christma realli roll around , but mayb it ll be on video by then .
uncertain in tone ... a garbl exercis in sexual polit , a junior varsiti short cut by way of veri bad thing .
all 's well that end well , and rest assur , the consciousness-rais lesson are cloak in gross-out gag .
the onli thing wors than your substandard , run-of-the-mil hollywood pictur is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound .
if you think that jennif lopez has shown poor judgment in plan to marri ben affleck , wait till you see maid in manhattan .
star matthew perri and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckl , and more joke land than crash , but ultim serv sara doe n't distinguish itself from the herd .
it 's best to avoid imprison with the dull , nerdi folk that inhabit cherish .
culkin exud none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audienc even vagu interest in his bratti charact .
in the end , ted bundi 's onli justif is the director 's common but unexplor fascin with the frustrat maniac there 's no larger point , and littl social context .
... -lrb- like -rrb- channel surf between the discoveri channel and a late-night made-for-c action movi .
a movi that , rather than skip along the sein , more or less slog it way through soggi pari , tongu uncomfort in cheek .
shot perhap ` artist ' with handheld camera and appar no movi light by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget product swing annoy between vertigo and opac .
imagin a realli bad communiti theater product of west side stori without the song .
soul is what 's lack in everi charact in this movi and , subsequ , the movi itself .
a one-trick poni whose few t&a bit still ca n't save itself from be unorigin , unfunni and unrecommend .
the worst kind of independ the one where actor play dress down hick and ponder mope around tri to strike lightn as captur by their 1970s predecessor
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .
the product valu are up there .
the use of cgi and digit ink-and-paint make the thing look realli slick .
the voic are fine as well .
the problem , it is with most of these thing , is the script .
it 's got it heart in the right place , but it also wilt after awhil .
prove that a movi about good is not the same thing as a good movi .
well , it doe go on forev .
this overproduc and general disappoint effort is n't like to rous the rush hour crowd .
topkapi this is not .
if shayamalan want to tell a stori about a man who lose his faith , whi did n't he just do it , instead of use bad sci-fi as window dress ?
ethan hawk has alway fanci himself the bastard child of the beatnik generat and it 's all over his chelsea wall .
equal part bodice-ripp and plod costum drama .
i 'm not suggest that you actual see it , unless you re the kind of person who has seen everi wim wender film of the 70s .
while the film misfir at everi level , the biggest downsid is the pauciti of laughter in what 's suppos to be a comedi .
if you like the 1982 film then , you ll still like it now .
a 93-minut condens of a 26-episod tv seri , with all of the pitfal of such you 'd expect .
guillen rare get beneath the surfac of thing .
she list ingredi , but never mix and stir .
audienc can be expect to suspend their disbelief onli so far -- and that doe not includ the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skip off to school .
to imagin the life of harri potter as a martial art adventur told by a lobotom woodi allen is to have some idea of the fate that lie in store for moviego lure to the mediocr that is kung pow : enter the fist .
it deliv some chill and sustain uneas , but flounder in it quest for deeper mean .
credibl level are low and charact develop a non-start .
i would have prefer a transfer down the hall to mr. holland 's class for the music , or to robin william 's lectur so i could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verv .
for the most part , the ingredi are there .
but an unwilling to explor beyond the surfac of her charact prevent nettelbeck 's film from come togeth .
an earnest , heartrend look at the divid between religi fundamentalist and their gay relat .
it 's also heavy-hand and devot too much time to bigot view .
a mawkish , implaus platon romanc that make chaplin 's citi light seem dispassion by comparison .
yes , one enjoy see joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determin monarch , but her love for the philand philip onli diminish her statur .
it 's a film that hing on it cast , and glover realli doe n't fit the part .
this is a throwaway , junk-food movi whose rap soundtrack was better tend to than the film itself .
... with the candy-lik tast of it fade faster than 25-cent bubbl gum , i realiz this is a throwaway movi that wo n't stand the test of time .
it 's a trifl .
liter noth in the pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flick of the 1980 's this one should appeas you for 90 minut .
arguabl the year 's silliest and most incoher movi .
anyway , for one reason or anoth , crush turn into a dire drama partway through .
after that , it just get stupid and maudlin .
too bad , but thank to some love comed moment and sever fine perform , it 's not a total loss .
chao was chen kaig 's assist for year in china .
he has not learnt that storytel is what the movi are about .
a mix bag of a comedi that ca n't realli be describ as out of this world .
the film is a travesti of the genr and even as spoof take itself too serious .
marri the amateurish of the blair witch project with the illog of seri 7 : the contend to creat a complet crass and forgett movi .
the piano teacher is the sort of movi that discourag american audienc from ever want to see anoth foreign film .
if it 's anoth regurgit action movi you re after , there 's no better film than half past dead .
so what is the point ?
love choreograph bloodsh take place in a pristin movi neverland , basic .
this is junk food cinema at it greasiest .
when it 's all wet , blue crush is high enjoy .
when it 's on dri land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama start gasp like a beach grouper .
most new movi have a bright sheen .
some , like ballist , arriv stillborn ... look like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven year into the futur .
the stori is natur poignant , but first-tim screenwrit paul pender overload it with sugari bit of busi .
you see robert de niro sing - and danc to - west side stori show tune .
choos your reaction : a. -rrb- that sure is funni !
b. -rrb- that sure is pathet !
a sermon and lifeless paean to teenag dullard .
this dramat shaki contest of will onli reiter the old hollywood saw : evil is interest and good is bore .
befor long , the film start play like general hospit cross with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon .
the charm of will eccentr , at least as evidenc by this latest cinemat essay , are begin to wear a bit thin .
instead of accur account a terribl true stori , the film 's more determin to becom the next texa chainsaw massacr .
but what about the countless other peopl who 'd mere like to watch a solid tale about a univers interest soul ?
a silli , self-indulg film about a silli , self-indulg filmmak .
scarlet diva has a voyeurist tug , but all in all it 's a lot less sensat than it want to be .
the charact is too forc and overwritten to be funni or believ much of the time , and clayburgh doe n't alway improv the over-the-top mix .
flashi , pretenti and as impenetr as morvern 's thick , working-class scottish accent .
a battl between bug-ey theatr and dead-ey matine .
the movi is virtual without context -- journalist or histor .
what 's wors is that pelosi know it .
... instead go rent `` shake the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equal great robin william perform .
lame , haphazard teen comedi .
it 's the kind of movi that end up festoon u.s. art hous screen for no reason other than the fact that it 's in french -lrb- well , most -rrb- with english subtitl and is magic ` signific ' becaus of that .
this miser excus of a movi run on empti , believ flatbush machismo will get it through .
expect to be remind of other , better film , especi seven , which director william malon slavish copi .
nair stuff the film with danc , henna , ornament , and group song , but her narrat clich and telegraph episod smell of old soap opera .
it 's get harder and harder to ignor the fact that hollywood is n't laugh with us , folk .
it 's laugh at us .
might have been better off as a documentari , with less of mr. eyr 's uninspir dramat and more of his sens of observ and outrag .
everi good actor need to do his or her own hamlet .
for benigni it was n't shakespear whom he want to defin his career with but pinocchio .
it might as well have been problem child iv .
arnold 's jump from littl screen to big will leav frown on more than a few face .
both aw and appeal .
the lack of oppos viewpoint soon grow tiresom -- the film feel more like a seri of toast at a testimoni dinner than a documentari .
noth plot-wis is worth e-mail home about .
we are left with a superfici snapshot that , howev engag , is insuffici enlighten and invit .
helmer devito ... attempt to do too mani thing in this stori about ethic , payola , vice , murder , kid ' tv and reveng .
it would n't be my prefer way of spend 100 minut or $ 7.00 .
i hate everi minut of it .
-lrb- t -rrb- hose same extrem prevent us from take it messag serious , and the stepford wive mental doe n't work in a modern context .
obvious polit and rudimentari anim reduc the chanc that the appeal of hey arnold !
the movi will reach far beyond it core demograph .
there 's no mistak the fact that this hybrid miss the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excel 1934 mgm version .
a simpl , sometim madden slow film that has just enough charm and good act to make it interest , but is ultim pull under by the pace and lack of creativ within .
roger michel , who did an appeal job direct persuas and not hill in england , get too artsi in his american debut .
there is an almost poignant dimens to the way that everi major stunt seagal 's charact ... perform is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into think that we re not watch a doubl .
anthoni hopkin ?
big deal !
we ve alreadi seen the prequel to the silenc of the lamb and hannib -- and it was better the first time .
ostens celebr middle-ag girl power , even as it present friendship between women as pathet , dysfunct and destruct .
if this is an exampl of the type of project that robert redford 's lab is will to lend it imprimatur to , then perhap it 's time to rethink independ film .
pumpkin sit in a patch somewher between mirthless todd solondzian satir and callow student film .
not so much funni as aggress sitcom-cut , it 's full of throwaway one-lin , not-quit joke , and a determin tv amiabl that allen personifi .
it 's not that wait for happi is a bad film , becaus it is n't .
it 's just incred dull .
the sad thing about knockaround guy is it lame aspir for grasp the cool vibe when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it think it is .
a cumbersom and cliche-ridden movi greas with everi emot devic known to man .
director ferzan ozpetek creat an interest dynam with the member of this group , who live in the same apart build .
but he lose his focus when he concentr on ani singl person .
egoyan 's movi is too complic to sustain involv , and , if you ll excus a littl critic heresi , too intellectu ambiti .
it want to be thought of as a subvers littl indi film , but it has all the qualiti of a modern situat comedi .
despit appar motiv to the contrari , it end up be , like -lrb- seinfeld 's -rrb- rever tv show , about pretti much noth .
shadyac shoot his film like an m. night shyamalan movi , and he frequent maintain the same snail 's pace he just forgot to add ani genuin tension .
play less like a coming-of-ag romanc than an infomerci .
there are a few laugh and clever sight gag scatter about , but not enough to make this anyth more than anoth big-budget bust .
the stori 's so preposter that i did n't believ it for a second , despit the best effort of everyon involv .
i ve heard that the fan of the first men in black have come away hate the second one .
i wonder whi .
they felt like the same movi to me .
despit her relentless vim and winsom facial symmetri , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america 's sweetheart .
an ultra-low-budget indi debut that smack more of good intent than talent .
birot is a compet enough filmmak , but her stori has noth fresh or veri excit about it .
de niro and mcdormand give solid perform , but their screen time is sabotag by the stori 's inabl to creat interest .
even those of a singl digit age will be abl to recogn that this stori is too goofi ... even for disney .
that is essenti what 's miss from blackboard -- the sens of someth bigger , some ultim point .
a compendium of solondz 's own worst instinct in under 90 minut .
if the titl is a jeopardi question , then the answer might be `` how doe steven seagal come across these day ? ''
or mayb `` how will you feel after an 88-minut rip-off of the rock with action confin to slo-mo gun fire and random glass-shatt ? ''
it is a comedi that 's not veri funni and an action movi that is not veri thrill -lrb- and an uneasi allianc , at that -rrb- .
the stori is familiar from it mani predecessor like them , it eventu culmin in the not-exact - stun insight that crime doe n't pay .
you ll have more fun set fire to yourself in the park lot .
you ll be more entertain get hit by a bus .
diss a bond movi is quit like call a dog stupid , but when it has the temer to run over two hour , you feel like wind up with a kick .
ritchi 's treatment of the class revers is major ham-fist , from the repetit manifesto that keep get thrown in peopl 's face to the fact amber is such a joke .
flat , but with a revelatori perform by michell william .
littl more than a frothi vaniti project .
the film goe from be an unusu sci-fi charact studi to a chase flick that detract from it end .
verbinski substitut atmospher for action , tedium for thrill .
for all it surfac frenzi , high crime should be charg with loiter -- so much on view , so littl to offer .
the sum of all fear is almost imposs to follow -- and there 's someth cringe-induc about see an american footbal stadium nuke as pop entertain .
alex nohe 's documentari play like a travelogu for what most resembl a real-lif , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl .
the titl trap turn out to be a pretti fair descript of how you feel while you re watch this ultra-manipul thriller .
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- consid just how low brow it is -- perhap it snuck under my feet .
the stori realli has no place to go sinc simon is not real -- she ca n't provid ani conflict .
ihop do n't pile on this much syrup .
for the most part , i spi was an amus lark that will probabl rank as one of murphi 's better perform in one of his lesser-prais movi .
focus on joan 's rage hormon and sledgehamm the audienc with spanish inquisit about her `` mad '' so much that i becam mad that i wast 123 minut and $ 9.50 on this 21st centuri tortur devic .
this seri should have die long ago , but they keep bring it back anoth day as punish for pay money to see the last jame bond movi .
a bit of an unwieldi mess .
with a stori as bizarr and mysteri as this , you do n't want to be worri about whether the ineffectu broomfield is go to have the courag to knock on that door .
the filmmak juggl and juxtapos three stori line but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it 's that life stink , especi for sensit marri women who realli love other women .
the movi feel like it 's go to be great , and it carri on feel that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happen .
a gimmick in search of a movi : how to get carvey into as mani silli costum and deliv as mani silli voic as possibl , plot mechan be damn .
... the last time i saw a theater full of peopl constant check their watch was dure my sat .
... fifti minut of tedious adolesc melodramat follow by thirty-f minut of inflat nonsens .
... lack the punch and verv need to make this genr soar .
it 's often faint amus , but the problem of the charact never becom import to us , and the stori never take hold .
it 's tough , astring , dark funni and ... well , it 's also generic , untidi , condescend and mild of impact rather than stun .
larg a for-fan artifact .
there 's no deni the elabor of the artist 's concept , nor his abil to depict them with outrag elan , but realli the whole seri is so much pretenti nonsens , lavish prais by those who equat obscur with profund .
charact wander into predict treacher situat even though they should know better .
there 's plenti of style in guillermo del toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit but whi do we need 117 minut to tell a tale that simpli ca n't sustain more than 90 minut .
-lrb- i -rrb- f you ve been to more than one indi flick in your life , chanc are you ve alreadi seen this kind of thing .
first-tim director joao pedro rodrigu ' unwilling to defin his hero 's background or motiv becom more and more frustrat as the film goe on .
no reason for anyon to invest their hard-earn buck into a movi which obvious did n't invest much into itself either .
a strong first quarter , slight less so second quarter , and averag second half .
a bore , winc cute and nauseat polit correct cartoon guarante to drive anyon much over age 4 scream from the theater .
the vampir thriller blade ii start off as a wild hoot and then suck the blood out of it fun -- toward the end , you can feel your vein cring from the workout .
when the first few villian are introduc as `` spider '' and `` snake '' you know you re in for a real winner , creativ at it peak .
an afterschool special without the courag of it convict .
the final result make for adequ entertain , i suppos , but anyon who has seen chicago on stage will leav the theater feel they ve watch noth but a pale imit of the real deal .
-lrb- director -rrb- byler may yet have a great movi in him , but charlott sometim is onli half of one .
so few movi explor religion that it 's disappoint to see one reduc it to an idea that fit in a sampler .
it 's also clear from the start that the transport is run pure on adrenalin , and onc the initi high wear off , the film 's shortcom start to shine through .
watch it is rather like view a long soap opera in which onli the first episod was ani good .
it 's fun , but a psycholog mess , with austin power bump his head on the way out of the closet .
there are touch moment in etoil , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentari on what ought to be a joy or at least fascin subject .
could the whole plan here have been to produc someth that make fatal attract look like a classic by comparison ?
that 's the onli sane rational i can think of for swimfan 's exist .
i did n't laugh at the ongo effort of cube , and his skinni buddi mike epp , to make like laurel and hardi 'n the hood .
the onli way this supernatur snore-fest could give anyon a case of the fright is if they were put to sleep by the movi and had a nightmar .
i wonder what the reaction of isra will be to this suppos evenhand present .
the film would work much better as a video instal in a museum , where viewer would be free to leav .
immedi .
human natur initi succeed by allow itself to go crazi , but ultim fail by spin out of control .
-lrb- it 's -rrb- a prison soccer movi star charismat tough guy vinni jone , but it had too much spit for me to enjoy .
not even the hanson brother can save it
the thriller side of this movi is fall flat , as the stalker doe n't do much stalk , and no cop or lawyer grasp the concept of actual investig the case .
... -lrb- a -rrb- strain comedi that jettison all opportun for rock to make his mark by serv up the usual chaotic nonsens .
a sour , nasti offer .
feel like one of those contriv , only-in - hollywood product where name actor deliv big perform creat for the sole purpos of generat oscar talk .
obstacl are too easili overcom and there is n't much in the way of charact develop in the script .
it tell more than it show .
earnest fall short of it ideal predecessor larg due to parker 's ill-advis meddl with the timeless sourc materi .
the film might have been more satisfi if it had , in fact , been flesh out a littl more instead of go for easi smile .
pretenti edit ruin a potenti terrif flick .
not everi anim film from disney will becom a classic , but forgiv me if i ve come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minut after-school `` cartoon '' .
do not , under ani circumst , consid take a child younger than middl school age to this wallow in crude humor .
noth debas a concept comedi quit like the grind of bad idea , and showtim is cram full of them .
much-anticip and ultim lacklust movi .
this is realli just anoth genr pictur .
each stori on it own could have been expand and work into a compel singl featur , but in it current incarn , storytel never quit get over it rather lopsid concept .
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot ...
a trite psycholog thriller design to keep the audienc guess and guess -- which is not to be confus with suspect -- until it come time to wrap thing up and send the viewer home .
neither funni nor suspens nor particular well-drawn .
act , particular by tambor , almost make `` never again '' worthwhil , but -lrb- writer\/director -rrb- schaeffer should follow his titular advic
both star manag to be funni , but , like the recent i spi , the star chemistri beg the question of whether random gag add up to a movi .
`` collater damag '' goe by the number and rep decent action entertain -- until the silli showdown end that forc the viewer to total suspend disbelief
` enigma ' is a good name for a movi this delibr obtus and unapproach .
a wast of good perform .
a dreari , incoher , self-indulg mess of a movi in which a bunch of pompous windbag drone on inan for two hour ... a cacophoni of pretenti , meaningless prattl .
i kept think over and over again , ' i should be enjoy this . ' but i was n't .
as conceiv by mr. schaeffer , christoph and grace are littl more than collect of quirki trait lift from a screenwrit 's outlin and thrown at actor charg with the imposs task of make them jell .
like so mani other alleg scari movi , it get so tangl up in the twist that it choke the energi right out of the veri audienc it seek to frighten .
the essenti problem in orang counti is that , have creat an unusu vivid set of charact worthi of it strong cast , the film flounder when it come to give them someth to do .
just like hearst 's enorm yacht , it 's slow and unwieldi and take a long time to reach it destin .
there is not a charact in the movi with a shred of plausibl , not an event that is believ , not a confront that is not stage , not a moment that is not fals .
where last time joke flow out of cho 's life stori , which provid an engross dramat through line , here the comedian hide behind obvious construct routin .
whi come up with someth even quasi-origin , when you can pillag from shirley jackson , richard matheson ... and puke up someth like rose red ?
a broad play , lowbrow comedi in which the cast deliv mild amus perform and no farm anim were injur by ani of the gag .
... too gori to be a comedi and too silli to be an effect horror film .
lack heart , depth and , most of all , purpos .
though a bit of a patchwork in script and product , a glossi , rich green , environ almost make the pictur work .
perfect enjoy , instant forgett , noth to write home about .
wasabi is slight fare inde , with the entir project have the feel of someth toss off quick -lrb- like one of hubert 's punch -rrb- , but it should go down smooth enough with popcorn .
somehow both wild implaus and strang convent .
this ill-fit tuxedo is strict off-the-rack .
the premis is in extrem bad tast , and the film 's suppos insight are so poor thought-out and substance-fre that even a high school senior take his or her first psycholog class could dismiss them .
set up a nice concept for it fiftysometh lead ladi , but fail loud in execut .
kidman is realli the onli thing that 's worth watch in birthday girl , a film by the stage-train jez butterworth -lrb- mojo -rrb- that serv as yet anoth exampl of the sad declin of british comedi in the post-ful monti world .
imagin the jame wood charact from videodrom make a home movi of audrey rose and show it to the kid from the sixth sens and you ve imagin the ring .
this time kaufman 's imagin has fail him .
an intermitt pleas but most routin effort .
it becom gimmicki instead of compel .
`` interview '' lose it overal sens of mysteri and becom a tv episod rather than a documentari that you actual buy into .
` unfaith ' cheat on itself and retreat to comfort territori .
too bad .
frenet but not realli funni .
taken individu or collect , the stori never add up to as much as they promis .
if you re not a prepubesc girl , you ll be laugh at britney spear ' movie-star debut whenev it doe n't have you impati squint at your watch .
a didact and dull documentari glorifi softwar anarchi .
sluggish direct by episod tv veteran joe zwick , it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackl .
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
director clare kilner 's debut is never as daft as it should have been .
new best friend should n't have gone straight to video it should have gone straight to a mysteri scienc theater 3000 video .
wallac seem less like he 's been burn to tell a war stori than he 's been itch to somehow tack one togeth
the thrill is -lrb- long -rrb- gone .
began life as a comput game , then morph into a movi -- a bad one , of cours .
part comedi , part drama , the movi wind up accomplish neither in full , and leav us feel touch and amus by sever moment and idea , but nevertheless dissatisfi with the movi as a whole .
godaw bore slug of a movi .
dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggi dog long to frisk through the back alley of histori , but scarc manag more than a modest , snoozi charm .
scene-by-scen , thing happen , but you 'd be hard-press to say what or whi .
... an unimagin , nasti , glibli cynic piec of work .
it is , by convent standard , a fair terribl movi ... but it is also weird fascin , a ready-mad eurotrash cult object .
it is also , at time , curious move .
the tug-of-war at the core of beij bicycl becom weigh down with agon contriv , overh patho and long , wist gaze .
vile and tacki are the two best adject to describ ghost ship .
some decent actor inflict big damag upon their reput .
be author well ' great-grandson , you 'd think filmmak simon well would have more rever for the materi .
but this cost dud is a far cri from either the book or the belov film .
offens in the way it exploit the hot-button issu of domest abus for cheap thrill and disgust in the manner it repeat put a small child in jeopardi , treat her as littl more than a prop to be cruelli torment .
mark me down as a non-believ in werewolf film that are not serious and reli on stupid as a substitut for humor .
thoughtless , random , superfici humour and a lot of veri bad scous accent
aspir for the piquant but onli realli achiev a sort of ridicul sour .
accuraci and realism are terrif , but if your film becom bore , and your dialogu is n't smart , then you need to use more poetic licens .
for all it highfalutin titl and corkscrew narrat , the movi turn out to be not much more than a shaggi human tale .
a soggi , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that end up be even dumber than it titl .
one groan-induc familiar beget anoth .
although base on a real-lif person , john , in the movi , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hour .
great stori , bad idea for a movi .
with spi kid 2 : the island of lost dream writer\/director\/produc robert rodriguez has cobbl togeth a film that feel like a sugar high gone awri .
there is no entri portal in the rule of attract , and i spent most of the movi feel depress by the shallow , selfish , greedi charact .
it 's hard to tell with all the crash and bang where the salesmanship end and the movi begin .
`` my god , i 'm behav like an idiot ! ''
yes , you are , ben kingsley .
a dread live-act movi .
divert ridicul , headbang noisi .
an earnest racial-issu pictur that might have gotten respect critic prais in a differ era -- say , the 60s .
a hideous , confus spectacl , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of ani futur rice adapt .
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit .
between bedroom scene , viewer may find themselv wish they could roll over and take a nap .
if you collect all the moment of coher dialogu , they still would n't add up to the time requir to boil a four - minut egg .
despit all the talk , by the time the bloodi climax arriv we still do n't feel enough of an attach to these guy to care one way or anoth .
everi bit as bogus as most disney live action famili movi are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point .
a sensual perform from abbass buoy the flimsi stori , but her inner journey is larg unexplor and we re left wonder about this exotic-look woman whose emot depth are onli hint at .
never engag , utter predict and complet void of anyth remot interest or suspens .
spousal abus is a major problem in contemporari societi , but the film reduc this domest tragedi to florid melodrama .
oedekerk wrote patch adam , for which he should not be forgiven .
whi he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , direct , star and produc -- is beyond me .
the creak , rusti ship make a fine backdrop , but the ghost ' haunt is routin .
whatev eyr 's fail as a dramatist , he deserv credit for bring audienc into this hard and bitter place .
scotland , pa. blur the line between black comedi and black hole .
it tri too hard , and overreach the logic of it own world .
the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerri springer crowd .
it 's all pretti cynic and condescend , too .
i cri for i spi -- or i would if this latest and laziest imagin of all vintage-tv spinoff were capabl of engend an emot respons of ani kind .
a bore , formula mix of serial killer and stalk n slash .
what you would end up with if you took orwel , bradburi , kafka , georg luca and the wachowski brother and threw them into a blender .
but that 's just the problem with it - the director has n't ad enough of his own ingredi .
with recent tension rekindl by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcom trial of sla member emili and william harri , not to mention sept. 11 , it difficult these day to appreci fire 's bright side .
flaunt it quirki excess like a new year 's eve drunk sport a paper parti hat .
writh under dialogu like ` you re from two differ world ' and ` tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-fil fairi tale hit new depth of unorigin and predict .
... too slow , too bore , and occasion annoy .
is there enough materi to merit a documentari on the make of wilco 's last album ?
faultless profession but final slight .
schmaltzi and unfunni , adam sandler 's cartoon about hanukkah is numb bad , littl nicki bad , 10 worst list bad .
it 's realli yet anoth anem and formula lethal weapon-deriv buddy-cop movi , tri to pass off it lack of imagin as hip knowing .
scotland , pa. is a strang drab romp .
some studio pizazz might have help .
when perri fist a bull at the moor farm , it 's onli a matter of time befor he get the upper hand in matter of the heart .
there 's more scatolog action in 8 crazi night than a proctologist is apt to encount in an entir career .
too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die anoth day suggest that the bond franchis has run into a creativ wall that 007 can not fli over , tunnel under or barrel through .
the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festiv of light as mr. deed was to that of frank capra .
... the sum of the part equal larg a confus mediocr .
the tone shift abrupt from tens to celebratori to soppi .
if we do n't demand a standard of qualiti for the art that we choos , we deserv the trash that we get .
a modest and messi metaphys thriller offer more question than answer .
julia is play with exasper bland by laura regan .
morrissett 's script and direct show a fair amount of intellig and wit -- but it doe n't signifi a whole lot either .
there 's suspens of disbelief and then there 's bad screenwrit ... this film pack a wallop of the latter .
all ms. jovovich , as the sanctifi heroin , has to do is look radiant , grim purpos and mild alarm while forc open door , wield wrench and flee monster .
mock kung fu pictur when they were a stapl of exploit theater program was witti .
mock them now is an exercis in pointless .
this is a particular toxic littl bonbon , palat to onli a chosen and veri jaundic few .
this is n't just the cliffsnot version of nichola nicklebi , it 's the cliffsnot with page miss .
consid the harsh locat and demand stunt , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movi prove rough go for the audienc as well .
better at put you to sleep than a sound machin .
so clich that , at one point , they liter upset an appl cart .
it 's a decent glimps into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer access , but it doe n't necessarili shed more light on it subject than the popular predecessor .
it might be the first sci-fi comedi that could benefit from a three 's company-styl laugh track .
when the plot kick in , the film lose credibl .
credibl sink into a mire of sentiment .
the movi take itself too serious and , as a result , it make for onli intermitt fun .
-lrb- davi -rrb- has a bright , chipper style that keep thing move , while never quit manag to connect her wish-fulfil charact to the human race .
doe n't amount to much of anyth .
bullock 's complet lack of focus and abil quick derail the film
so stupid , so ill-conceiv , so bad drawn , it creat whole new level of ugli .
the truth is that the truth about charli get increas tiresom .
endur love but exhaust cinema .
some of seagal 's action pictur are guilti pleasur , but this one is so formula that it seem to be on auto-pilot .
a ponder medit on love that feel signific longer than it relat scant 97 minut .
a long-wind and stagi session of romant contriv that never realli gel like the shrewd feminist fairi tale it could have been .
a littl too pat for it own good .
there are film that tri the patienc of even the most cinema-besot critic -- and this was one of them .
watch troubl everi day , at least if you do n't know what 's come , is like bite into what look like a juici , delici plum on a hot summer day and come away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and live worm .
well-intent though it may be , it soap-opera moral tale have the antisept , preprogram feel of an after-school special .
what would jesus do if he was a film director ?
he 'd creat a movi better than this .
when a set of pre-shoot guidelin a director came up with for his actor turn out to be clever , better written and of consider more interest than the finish film , that 's a bad sign .
a veri bad sign .
it 's a deepli serious movi that care passion about it subject , but too often becom ponder in it teach of histori , or lost in the intric connect and multipl timelin of it stori .
ca n't kick about the assembl talent and the russo show genuin promis as comic filmmak .
still , this thing feel flimsi and ephemer .
dian lane shine in unfaith .
almost everyth els is wan .
i 'm afraid you wo n't get through this frank fantast by-the-numb b-flick with just a suspens of disbelief .
rather , you ll have to wrestl disbelief to the ground and then appli the chloroform-soak handkerchief .
so relentless wholesom it made me want to swipe someth .
the titl help offer the most succinct review of it you ll read anywher .
the maker of divin secret of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket -lrb- second prize , of cours , two free ticket -rrb- to anyon who can locat a genuin honest moment in their movi .
god help the poor woman if attal is this insecur in real life : his fiction yvan 's neuros are aggrav enough to exhaust the patienc of even the most understand spous .
let 's cut to the consumer-advic bottom line : stay home .
undercov brother doe n't go far enough .
it 's just a silli black genr spoof .
the film 's implicit premis is that the faith of the tonga peopl is in everi way inferior to that of john .
rate an ` e ' for effort -- and a ` b ' for bore .
you ve alreadi seen heartbreak if you ve watch the far superior nurs betti or sunset boulevard .
even the unwatch soapdish is more origin .
play like one of those convers that comic book guy on `` the simpson '' has .
a journey that 's too random and inconclus to be compel , but which hoffman 's brillianc almost make worth take .
the movi bounc all over the map .
but buy into sham truth and routin `` indi '' filmmak , freundlich has made just anoth safe movi .
it 's not horribl , just horribl mediocr .
not alway too whimsic for it own good -lrb- but enough to do harm -rrb- , this strang hybrid of crime thriller , quirki charact studi , third-rat romanc and femal empower fantasi never realli find the tonal or themat glue it need .
`` juwanna mann ? ''
no thank .
wewannour money back , actual .
it 's a sometim interest remak that doe n't compar to the brilliant origin .
you re too conscious of the effort it take to be this spontan .
feel bad for king , who 's honest tri , and schwartzman , who 's shot himself in the foot .
some actor steal scene .
tom green just give them a bad odor .
this self-infatu goofbal is far from the onli thing wrong with the clumsi comedi steal harvard , but he 's the most obvious one .
sometim , fond memori should stay in the past : a lesson this film teach all too well .
the enorm comic potenti of an oafish idiot imperson an aristocrat remain sad unreal .
begin as a promis medit on one of america 's most durabl obsess but wind up as a slender cinemat stunt .
a monster combat thriller as imperson in it relentless as the videogam seri that inspir it .
proof that a thriller can be sleek shot , expert cast , pace with crisp profession ... and still be a letdown if it twist and turn hold no more surpris than yesterday 's weather report .
the reason we keep see the same movi with rough the same peopl everi year is becaus so mani of us keep go and then , out of embarrass or stupid , not warn anyon .
there 's not much go on in this movi unless you simpli decid to buy into the notion that someth inexplic strang onc happen in point pleasant .
in the second half of the film , frei 's control loosen in direct proport to the amount of screen time he give nachtwey for self-analysi .
director barri skolnick and his screenwrit glibli tick off everi point of `` the longest yard '' playbook like a checklist .
the furious coher that -lrb- deniro -rrb- bring to this part onli underscor the fuzzi sentiment of the movi itself , which feel , as it plod toward the end , less like a movi than like the film read of a script in need of polish .
oh , it 's extrem , all right .
extrem dumb .
extrem confus .
extrem bore .
we never realli feel involv with the stori , as all of it idea remain just that : abstract idea .
for a shoot - em - up , ballist is odd lifeless .
one minut , you think you re watch a serious action the next , it 's as though clip from the pink panther strike again and\/or sailor moon have been splice in .
what happen with pluto nash ?
how did it ever get made ?
we may never think of band camp as a geeki or nerdi thing again .
open as promis as ani war\/adventur film you ll ever see and dissolv into a routin courtroom drama , better suit for a movi titl `` glori : a soldier 's stori . ''
the result is solemn and horrifi , yet strang detach .
these spider can outrun a motorcycl and wrap a person in a sticki cocoon in second , but they fall short of be interest or entertain .
a long slog for anyon but the most commit pokemon fan .
matthew mcconaughey tri , and fail , to control the screen with swagger machismo and over-the-top lunaci .
how on earth , or anywher els , did director ron underwood manag to blow $ 100 million on this ?
everyon connect to this movi seem to be part of an insid cliqu , which tend to breed formula film rather than fresh one .
with a stori inspir by the tumultu surround of los angel , where feel of margin loom for everi dreamer with a burst bubbl , the dogwalk has a few charact and idea , but it never manag to put them on the same path .
it lack of qualiti earn it a place alongsid those other two recent duma botch-job , the man in the iron mask and the musket .
a benign but forgett sci-fi divers .
the plot grind on with yawn-provok dull .
it 's never a good sign when a film 's star spend the entireti of the film in a coma .
it 's a wors sign when you begin to envi her condit .
it doe n't help that the director and cinematograph stephen kazmierski shoot on grungi video , give the whole thing a dirti , tasteless feel .
desper unfunni when it tri to make us laugh and desper unsuspens when it tri to make us jump out of our seat .
this film 's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tre flock in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durabl -- imit .
john mctiernan 's botch remak may be subtler than norman jewison 's 1975 ultraviol futurist corporate-sport saga .
it 's also stupid .
director dirk shafer and co-writ greg hinton ride the dubious divid where gay porn reach for serious drama .
borrow from so mani literari and cinemat sourc that this futur world feel absolut deja vu .
as -lrb- the charact -rrb- get more depress , the stori get more tiresom , especi as it continu to mount a conspicu effort to be profound .
the act by the over-25 lack spark , with csoka particular unconnect .
though howard demonstr a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sad a tough sit , with an undevelop narrat and enough flashback and heavy-hand metaphor to choke a hors -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
falter when it take itself too serious and when it depend too heavili on it otherwis talent cast to clown in situat that are n't funni .
the fight scene are fun , but it grow tedious .
anyon who can count to five -lrb- the film 's target market ? -rrb-
can see where this dumbed-down concoct is go .
all this turn out to be neither funni nor provoc - onli dull .
demm 's loos approach kill the suspens .
this idea has lost it origin ... and neither star appear veri excit at rehash what was basic a one-jok pictur .
-lrb- play -rrb- in broad outlin as pander middle-ag buddy-comedi .
the film is itself a sort of cinemat high crime , one that bring militari courtroom drama down veri , veri low .
noth more than a mediocr trifl .
a turgid littl histori lesson , humourless and dull .
too silli to be frighten , too stolid to be funni , it project the same lazi affabl as it nomin star , david arquett .
if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prison in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he 'd have them mate .
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-clich where it should be sincer .
it would be hard to think of a recent movi that has work this hard to achiev this littl fun .
theolog asid , whi put someon who ultim doe n't learn at the center of a kid ' stori ?
all that -lrb- powerpuff girl -rrb- charm is present in the movi , but it 's spread too thin .
sometim smart but more often sophomor .
the ill-conceiv modern-day end fall flat where it should deliv a moral punch .
collater damag is , despit it alleg provoc post-9 \/ 11 , an antiqu , in the end .
as are it star , it attitud and it oblivi .
dawdl and drag when it should pop it doe n't even have the virtu of enough mindless violenc to break up the tedium of all it generat bond .
it save-the-planet messag clash with it crass market .
a great idea becom a not-great movi .
... watch this film near provok me to take my own life .
and if the hour win ` best pictur ' i just might .
by the end , i was look for someth hard with which to bludgeon myself unconsci .
not a movi but a live-act agitprop cartoon so shameless and coars , it 's almost funni .
feel like six differ movi fight each other for attent .
life is a crock -- or someth like it .
made by jackass for jackass .
despit a power portray by binoch , it 's a period romanc that suffer from an over deliber pace and uneven narrat momentum .
the pictur is a primer on what happen when lack of know-how mix with lack of give-a-damn .
bartlebi is a one-jok movi , and a bad joke at that .
given that both movi expect us to root for convict violent felon over those assign to protect us from same , we need everi bit of sympathi the con can muster this time , there is n't much .
a bravura exercis in empti .
philip k. dick must be turn in his grave , along with my stomach .
despit the premis of a good stori ... it wast all it star power on clich or meaningless role .
all print of this film should be sent to and buri on pluto .
not onli doe the movi fail to make us part of it realiti , it fail the most basic relev test as well .
first good , then bothersom .
excel act and direct .
this goofi gangster yarn never realli elev itself from be yet anoth earnest generic crime-bust comic vehicl -- a well-intent remak that show some spunk and promis but fail to regist as anyth distinct or dare
it 's difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more bore or embarrass -- i 'm prepar to call it a draw .
even as lame horror flick go , this is lame .
so routin , familiar and predict , it rais the possibl that it wrote itself as a newli autom final draft comput program .
sunshin state lack the kind of dynam that limbo offer , and in some way is a rather indulg piec .
even legend like alfr hitchcock and john huston occasion direct trifl ... so it 's no surpris to see a world-class filmmak like zhang yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultim rather inconsequenti .
a long-wind , predict scenario .
too close to phantom menac for comfort .
although tri to balanc self-referenti humor and a normal ol slasher plot seem like a decent endeavor , the result doe n't fulli satisfi either the die-hard jason fan or those who can take a good joke .
too clunki and too busi rib itself to be truli entertain .
this movi is about lie , cheat , but love the friend you betray .
it smack of pure commerci motiv , with no great love for the origin .
melani eventu slug the yanke .
too bad the former murphi brown doe n't pop rees back .
at the bottom rung of the seri ' entri .
a real clunker .
a well-mad , thought , well-act clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
a dreari rip-off of goodfella that serv as a muddl and offens cautionari tale for hispan american .
the pictur , score by a pervers cheer marcus miller accordion\/harmonica\/banjo abomin , is a monument to bad in all it florid varieti .
good for a few unintent laugh , `` extrem op '' was obvious made for the `` xxx '' crowd , peopl who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent act , write , and direct .
... a big , baggi , sprawl carniv of a movi , stretch out befor us with littl rhyme or reason .
a frustrat combin of strain humor and heavy-hand sentiment .
lawrenc preach strict to the convert .
as written by michael berg and michael j. wilson from a stori by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-tim approach tri way too hard and get tire in no time at all .
will probabl stay in the shadow of it two older , more access qatsi sibl .
just when the movi seem confid enough to handl subtleti , it dive into soapi batho .
choppi edit and too mani repetit scene spoil what could have been an import documentari about stand-up comedi .
... the film fall back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrag prank and scene design to push the envelop of bad tast for laugh .
the onli thing in paulin and paulett that you have n't seen befor is a scene featur a footbal field-siz orient rug craft out of million of vibrant flower .
if you re look for comedi to be serv up , better look elsewher .
it virtual defin a comedi that 's strong mediocr , with funni bit surfac everi onc in a while .
an instant candid for worst movi of the year .
despit it titl , ami 's orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one .
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q. is a bad movi appear on behalf of a good caus .
adam sandler is to gari cooper what a gnat is to a racehors .
what kid will discov is a new collect .
what parent will suspect is that they re watch a 76-minut commerci .
beer , who , when she 's given the right line , can charm the paint off the wall ... -lrb- but -rrb- the script goe wrong at sever key junctur .
without septemb 11 , collater damag would have been just anoth bad movi .
now it 's a bad , embarrass movi .
drag along in a daze and enerv , drenched-in-th - past numb .
there 's a disturb ` great white hope ' underton to the other side of heaven that subt undermin it messag of christian love and compass .
unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it .
wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
the attempt is courag , even if the result is wild uneven .
there 's someth fundament miss from this stori : someth or someon to care about .
too much of this well-act but danger slow thriller feel like a preambl to a bigger , more complic stori , one that never materi .
when a film is creat sole becaus it 's a market product , soulless and ugli movi like this are the result .
let your silli childhood nostalgia slumber unmolest .
unfortun , heartbreak hospit want to convey the same kind of haughti in it own sketchi materi but this territori has alreadi been explor previous with better aplomb and sardon wit .
the more kevin costner rest on his pretty-boy laurel , the public is , regrett , go to have tepid film like dragonfli toss at them .
-lrb- it 's -rrb- difficult to get beyond the overal bland of american chai , despit it likabl perform and refresh naiv point of view .
the latest instal in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surpris less moldi and trite than the last two , like becaus much of the japanes anim is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peac .
taken pure as an exercis in style , this oppress gloomi techno-horror clambak is imposs to ignor .
but as a movi , it 's a humorless , disjoint mess .
if myer decid to make anoth austin power movi , mayb he should just stick with austin and dr evil .
the backyard battl you stage with your green plastic armi men were more excit and almost certain made more sens .
too stupid to be satir , too obvious hate to be classifi otherwis , frank novak 's irrit slice of lumpen life is as reliabl soul-kil as it titl is near meaningless .
over styliz with lot of flash black - & - white freez frame reminisc of a pseudo-hip luxuri car commerci , -lrb- it 's -rrb- at it worst when it 's actual insid the ring .
what is captur dure the conceptu process doe n't add up to a suffici explan of what the final danc work , the select , becam in it final form .
if this is satir , it 's the smug and self-congratulatori kind that let the audienc complet off the hook .
had the film boast a clearer , more memor , the creepi would have gotten under the skin .
these peopl would n't know subtl character if it put on a giant furri monster costum and then gave them a lapdanc .
imagin if you will a toni hawk skate video interspl with footag from behind enemi line and set to jersey shore techno .
it doe n't quit work , but there 's enough here to make us look forward to the russo ' next offer .
ani film featur young children threaten by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertain .
the director 's twitchi sketchbook style and adroit perspect shift grow wearisom amid leaden pace and indiffer craftsmanship -lrb- most notabl wretch sound design -rrb- .
about as satisfi and predict as the fare at your local drive through .
appar kiss lead to suicid attempt and tragic death .
marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess .
open at a funer , end on the protagonist 's death bed and doe n't get much liveli in the three hour in between .
the nobl tradit of men in drag hit an all-tim low in soror boy , whose maker appar believ that women 's cloth can cover up ani defici in act , write or direct .
to portray modern women the way director davi has done is just unthink .
too simpl for it own good .
flaccid drama and exasper slow journey .
a chaotic panorama that 's too busi fli a lot of metaphor flag .
suffer from rambl , repetit dialogu and the visual drab endem to digit video .
the screenplay sabotag the movi 's strength at almost everi junctur .
all the charact are stereotyp , and their interact is numb predict .
a trashi , exploit , thorough unpleas experi .
newcom helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a bad handl screenplay of what is realli an amus concept -- a high-tech tux that transform it wearer into a superman .
should n't have been allow to use the word `` new '' in it titl , becaus there 's not an origin charact , siuation or joke in the entir movi .
often silli -- and gross -- but it 's rare as moron as some campus gross-out film .
the advantag of a postapocalypt set is that it can be made on the cheap .
ani rock pile will do for a set .
reign of fire has the disadvantag of also look cheap .
the perform are so leaden , michael rymer 's direct is so bloodless and the dialogu is so corni that the audienc laugh out loud .
a subtl variat on i spit on your grave in which our purport heroin patholog aveng a hatr for men .
reggio 's trippi , ambiti downer can also sometim come across like noth more than a glorifi nike ad .
as tweedi talk about canning his stockbrok and repair his pool , you yearn for a few airborn tv set or nude groupi on the nod to liven thing up .
if somebodi was bore and ... decid to make a dull , pretenti version of jesus ' son , they 'd come up with someth like bart freundlich 's world travel .
the best you can say about it is it 's so uninspir , it bare give one paus when consid some of the other dreck out there right now .
a tough go , but leigh 's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspir accomplish portray that are all the more impress for their lack of showi , offset to a notabl degre the film 's often-min and despair milieu .
an overstuf compendium of teen-catholic-movi dogma .
too leisur pace and visual drab for it own good , it succeed in be onli sporad amus .
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clanci 's intrepid hero ?
ridicul .
what 's next ?
d.j. quall as indiana jone ?
or tom green as han solo ?
the movi 's biggest offens is it complet and utter lack of tension .
the film is direct by walli wolodarski from a script by joe jarvi and greg coolidg .
these are name to rememb , in order to avoid them in the futur .
if this is the resurrect of the halloween franchis , it would have been better off dead .
this formula chiller will do littl to boost stallon 's career .
i saw knockaround guy yesterday , and alreadi the detail have fade like photograph from the spanish-american war ... it 's so unmemor that it turn my ballpoint note to invis ink .
though avari has done his best to make someth out of elli ' noth novel , in the end , his rule is bare worth follow .
the averag local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscap architectur and small-town america .
no wors than a lot of the crap we ve been offer this summer , and slight better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestri comedi go .
the plot is so predict and sentiment that viewer are like to lose interest befor sandrin and her goat walk off into the sunset .
at first , the sight of a blind man direct a film is hilari , but as the film goe on , the joke wear thin .
never again swing between fals sentiment and unfunni madcap comedi and , along the way , expect the audienc to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriag of true mind .
the stori itself is uninterest , and the song are pain undistinguish : they might be giant ' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever compos .
technic , the film is about as interest as an insur commerci .
the titl 's lame should clue you in on how bad the movi is .
the part are better than the whole -lrb- bizarr , funni , tragic - like love in new york -rrb- .
while the film shun the glamour or glitz that an american movi might demand , scherfig toss us a romant scenario that is just as simplist as a hollywood product .
the humor is hing on the belief that knee in the crotch , elbow in the face and spit in the eye are inher funni .
it 's a movi forg in the fire of chick flick hell .
it charact are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
ani one episod of the soprano would send this ill-conceiv folli to sleep with the fish .
feel like the grittiest movi that was ever made for the lifetim cabl televis network .
lani 's profession success mean she must be a failur at life , becaus she 's driven by ambit and doe n't know how to have fun .
credit must be given to harland william , michael rosenbaum and barri watson , who inject far more good-natur spirit and talent into this project than it deserv
denzel washington 's effort are sunk by all the sanctimoni .
if this holiday movi is suppos to be a gift , somebodi unwrap it earli , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap -lrb- liter -rrb- .
so faith to the doldrum of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewer recoil from the realiti check .
rambl on in a disjoint , substandard fashion from one poor execut action sequenc to the next .
there 's an audienc for it , but it could have been funnier and more innoc .
i can onli imagin one thing wors than kevin spacey tri on an irish accent , and that 's sultri linda fiorentino do the same thing .
an awkward and indigest movi .
the movi has veri littl to offer besid unintent laugh .
hanek keep us at arm 's length .
guid more by intellect than heart , his stori flatten instead of sharpen .
all the well-meaning in the world ca n't eras the fact that the believ feel like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi .
like most sequel , it take what work last time , repeat it and add more charact , more stunt , more stuff in attempt to camouflag it same .
there 's no way to sort out the mess in our head and deconstruct where it all went wrong .
this is an hour and a half of daydream .
messag movi or an action-pack submarin spectacular ?
ala , it 's neither .
no movement , no yuk , not much of anyth .
` dragonfli ' is a movi about a bus wreck that turn into a film wreck .
thirti year ago , it would have been groundbreak .
now it 's just tire .
heavy-hand exercis in time-vault literari pretens .
the movi is too cute to take itself too serious , but it still feel like it was made by some veri stone colleg student .
a thin veil excus for wilson to play his self-deprec act against murphi 's well-hon prima donna shtick .
a minor pictur with a major ident crisi -- it 's sort of true and it 's sort of bogus and it 's ho-hum all the way through .
the movi succumb to be noth more than a formula chase in the dark .
play as hollow catharsi , with lot of tear but veri littl in the way of insight .
it will come as no surpris that the movi is n't scari .
but here 's the real damn : it is n't funni , either .
quick : who want to see a comedi about shoddi airport secur ?
the reason i found myself final unmov by this film , which is immacul produc and has serious thing to say , is that it come across rather too plain as allegori .
what you get with empir is a movi you ve seen mani time befor , repackag as new materi becaus there is a latino in the lead .
cho 's fan are sure to be entertain it 's onli fair in the interest of full disclosur to say that -- on the basi of this film alon -- i 'm not one of them .
look aw like one long tourist spot for a mississippi that may never have exist outsid of a scriptwrit 's imagin .
the period -- swing london in the time of the mod and the rocker -- get the once-ov onc again in gangster no. 1 , but fall apart long befor the end .
high crime miscast near everi lead charact .
the overal feel of the film is pretti cheesi , but there 's still a real sens that the star trek tradit has been honor as best it can , given the embarrass script and weak direct .
de niro look bore , murphi recycl murphi , and you mental add showtim to the pile of hollywood dreck that repres noth more than the art of the deal .
i did n't believ for a moment in these villain or their plot .
anoth rent instal for the ian fleme estat .
with danilo donati 's witti design and dant spinotti 's luscious cinematographi , this might have made a decent children 's movi -- if onli benigni had n't insist on cast himself in the titl role .
so lazi and slipshod it confus the mere flash of kinki soft-cor imageri with naughti fun .
though it draw sever decent laugh , it 's low-cal woodi at best .
has littl on it mind asid from score point with drag gag .
britney 's perform can not be fault .
luci 's a dull girl , that 's all .
well-shot but bad written tale set in a futur ravag by dragon .
sad , hewitt 's fort is lean forward while wear low-cut gown , not make snappi comeback .
if melvill is creativ a great whale , this film is can tuna .
this film is so slick , superfici and trend-hoppi , that it 's easi to imagin that a new softwar program spit out the screenplay .
just one more collect of peni , breast and flatul gag in search of a stori .
or a profit .
or some damn thing .
the act is stiff , the stori lack all trace of wit , the set look like they were borrow from gilligan 's island -- and the cgi scoobi might well be the worst special-effect creation of the year .
enough trivial an import crisi , reduc it to an almost comic embarrass .
the maker have forsaken the entertain element of the origin and , instead , rehash old joke and leav ani life at the doorstep .
i like frank the pug , though .
a restrain ribisi convinc as an italian , though if ever a movi need one of the actor 's whini jag to pump it up , this has to be among the rare one .
gee , a second assassin shot kennedi ?
moot point .
a hyster yet humorless disquisit on the thin line between suck face and liter suck face .
needless to say , the dramat that follow are utter hooey .
the problem is that rather than dramat this premis , mr. desplechin is content to state it .
madonna still ca n't act a lick .
even the imagin gore ca n't hide the musti scent of todd farmer 's screenplay , which is a simpl retread of the 1979 alien , with a plucki heroin battl a monster loos in a spaceship .
if you pitch your expect at an all time low , you could do wors than this odd cheer -- but not particular funni -- body-switch farc .
the episod film make valid point about the deperson of modern life .
but the charact tend to be clich whose live are never fulli explor .
serri doe a fine job of captur the climat of the time and , perhap unwit , relat it to what is happen in america in 2002 .
but hard-to-believ plot twist forc the movi off track in it final half hour .
do n't let your festiv spirit go this far .
though the book run onli about 300 page , it is so dens pack ... that even an ambiti adapt and elabor product like mr. schepisi 's seem skimpi and unclear .
hey , at least the titl of this film let you know exact where it 's head .
intend to be a comedi about relationship , this wretch work fall flat in just about everi conceiv area .
sensit though not quit revelatori documentari .
director brian levant , who never stray far from his sitcom root , skate blith from one implaus situat to anoth , paus onli to tie up loos end with more bow than you ll find on a french poodl .
... perhap the heaviest , most joyless movi ever made about giant dragon take over the world .
suggest pun about ingredi and soup and somebodi be off their noodl , but let 's just say the ingredi do n't quit add up to a meal .
i 'd give real money to see the perpetr of chicago torn apart by dingo .
movi like this are sell the old european candor , the old wink of ` bold ' revel .
but in 2002 , such revel wilt .
the time in near everi scene seem a half beat off .
i admir it and yet can not recommend it , becaus it overstay it natur run time .
a fair by-the-book blend of action and romanc with sprinkl of intent and unintent comedi .
flounder due to the general sens that no two peopl work on the product had exact the same thing in mind .
even if you feel like you ve seen this movi a thousand time befor , it is kind of enjoy thank main to belushi 's easy-go likabl .
the stori bog down in a mess of purposeless violenc .
despit some gulp the film is a fuzzi huggi .
mckay deflat his piec of pufferi with a sour clich and heavi dose of mean-spirited
a recip for cinemat disast ... part quentin tarantino , part guy ritchi , and part 1960s spi spoof , it 's all bad .
the cumul effect of the relentless horror on parad numb the movi 's power as a work of drama .
anoth big , dumb action movi in the vein of xxx , the transport is riddl with plot hole big enough for it titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through .
aaliyah rare dampen her diva persona enough to spark genuin chemistri with townsend .
when she speak , her creepi egyptian demigod voic is as comput process and overproduc as it was in her music .
outrag is all plympton seem to be go for this time .
we miss the quirki amaz that use to come along for an integr part of the ride .
much of what is meant to be ` inspir ' and ` uplift ' is simpli distast to audienc not alreadi share -lrb- the movi 's -rrb- mindset .
well befor it 's over , beij bicycl begin spin it wheel .
home alon goe hollywood , a funni premis until the kid start pull off stunt not even steven spielberg would know how to do .
besid , real movi produc are n't this nice .
-lrb- nelson 's -rrb- movi about moral compromis figur leav viewer feel compromis , unabl to find their way out of the fog and the ash .
passion , lip-synch , tragedi , and lot of realli realli high note .
for me , this opera is n't a favorit , so it 's a long time befor the fat ladi sing .
look like a high school film project complet the day befor it was due .
truth to tell , if you ve seen more than half-a-dozen horror film , there 's noth here you have n't seen befor .
abandon all pretens of creat histor context and waltz off into a hectic soap about the up and down of the heavi breath between the two artist .
even die-hard fan of japanes anim ... will find this one a challeng .
filmmak have to dig deep to sink this low .
fortun for all involv , this movi is like to disappear as quick as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boil water .
the movi get mute and routin .
the issu of faith is not explor veri deepli
it 's a bad sign when you re root for the film to hurri up and get to it subject ' death just so the documentari will be over , but it 's indic of how uncompel the movi is unless it happen to cover your particular area of interest .
the situat and joke are as predict and as lowbrow as the endless pratfal the boy take in their high heel .
it 's frustrat to see these guy -- who are obvious pretti clever -- wast their talent on parodi of thing they probabl thought were funniest when they were high .
i was perplex to watch it unfold with an astonish lack of passion or uniqu .
k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarin epic , but it hold even less when it turn into an elegiac soggi save privat ryanovich .
a veri stylish but ultim extrem silli tale ... a slick piec of nonsens but noth more .
automat peg itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
the film is like a seri of begin and middl that never take off .
feel less like it 's about teenag , than it was written by teenag .
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap .
it would have benefit the dialogu .
a standard haunt hous tale transplant to the high sea .
elicit more groan from the audienc than jar jar bink , scrappi doo and scoobi dumb , all wrap up into one .
it 's bad act , bland direct , and could have been script by someon who just graduat from elementari school .
in the end , white oleand is n't an adapt of a novel .
it 's a flashi , star-splash reduct .
this film , star anthoni hopkin and chris rock , is your typic ` fish out of water ' stori .
you ve seen them a million time .
just one problem : fish out of water usual die .
this one doe .
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker charact are more grate than engag .
a soggi , shapeless mess ... just a dumb excus for a waterlog equival of a haunted-hous movi .
men in black ii has sequel- someth fierc .
an ungain , comedy-defici , b-movi rush job ...
a combin of standard , stiff tv-style anim and snazzy-look digit effect that do littl to disguis the fact that the charact bare move .
an unsatisfi hybrid of blair witch and typic stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conserv protagonist is alway the last one live .
say this for the soundtrack , it drown out the lousi dialogu .
after see swept away , i feel sorri for madonna .
instead of kick off the intrigu and suspens and mysteri of the whole thing , hart 's war , like the st. loui ram in the super bowl , wait until after halftim to get start .
a gob of drivel so sick sweet , even the eager consum of moor 's pasteur ditti will retch it up like rancid creme brÃ»lee .
maudlin and melodramat we expect .
bore we did n't .
never quit transcend jokest status ... and the punchlin doe n't live up to barri 's dead-ey , perfect chill deliveri .
the film 's batho often overwhelm what could have been a more multifacet look at this interest time and place .
it almost play like solari , but with gun and joke .
a baffl misfir , and possibl the weakest movi -lrb- woodi allen -rrb- has made in the last twenti year .
it wo n't be long befor you ll spi i spi at a video store near you .
this film look like it was produc in 1954 , shelv for 48 year , and repackag for a 2002 audienc .
propel not by charact but by caricatur .
there is not an ounc of honesti in the entir product .
this extrem unfunni film clock in at 80 minut , but feel twice as long .
earnest but earthbound ... a slow , soggi , soporif , visual dank crime melodrama\/charact studi that would be more at home on the small screen but for it stellar cast .
the pivot narrat point is so ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinki .
for all it alleg youth fire , xxx is no less subservi to bond 's tire formula of gun , girl and gadget while brandish a new action hero .
a predict and stereotyp littl b-movi .
if i spi were funni -lrb- enough -rrb- or excit -lrb- enough -rrb- then it would be fair simpl to forgiv the financi extort it 's tri to reap from the moviego public .
frustrat , dridi tell us noth about el gallo other than what emerg through his music .
place a slight believ love triangl in a difficult-to-swallow set , and then disappoint move the stori into the realm of an improb thriller .
stephen earnhart 's documentari is a decomposit of healthi eccentr inspir and ambit -- wear a cloak of unsentiment , straightforward text -- when it 's realli an exercis in gross romantic of the delusion person type .
a veri averag scienc fiction film .
undon by it over complic and deriv screenplay , the glacier-pac direct and the stereotyp charact .
how anyon over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-fe messag this preachi produc promot is beyond us .
the sort of movi that give tasteless a bad rap .
the cold and dreari weather is a perfect metaphor for the movi itself , which contain few laugh and not much drama .
the plot is straight off the shelf , the perform are televis - calib and the messag of provid solac through decept is a littl creepi .
ordinari melodrama that is heavi on religi symbol but wafer-thin on dramat substanc
a whimsic if predict time-travel fabl mar by a will single-minded .
those who manag to avoid the deconstructionist theoriz of french philosoph jacqu derrida in colleg can now take an 85-minut brush-up cours with the documentari derrida .
or , you can do someth fun tonight .
joli 's perform vanish somewher between her hair and her lip .
as with too mani studio pic , plot mechan get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventur .
static , repetit , muddi and blurri , hey arnold !
would seem to have a lock on the titl of ugliest movi of the year .
for all of the contemporari post-colonialist conscious that kapur tri to bring to the four feather , the oddest thing about the movi is how it wind up affirm the same damn moldi valu the materi has alway held dear .
when it come to entertain , children deserv better than pokemon 4ever .
what the four feather lack is genuin sweep or feel or even a charact worth care about .
while benigni -lrb- who star and co-wrot -rrb- seem to be have a wonder time , he might be alon in that .
yes , 4ever is harmless in the extrem and it ll mute your kid for near 80 minut , but whi not just treat the littl yard ape to the real deal and take them to spirit away ?
preposter and tedious , sonni is spike with unintent laughter that , unfortun , occur too infrequ to make the film even a guilti pleasur .
call this movi brainless would be pay it a compliment : it 's more like entertain for troll .
none of these charact resembl anyon you ve ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoy self-involv peopl who speak in glib sentenc that could have onli come from the pen of a screenwrit .
... just a big mess of a movi , full of imag and event , but no tension or surpris .
as eleg craft as it often is , anderson 's movi is essenti a one-trick poni that , hamper by an undevelop script , ultim pull up lame .
splash it drama all over the screen , subject it audienc and charact to action that feel not onli manufactur , but also so fals you can see the filmmak ' puppet string .
... has virtual no script at all ... will onli satisfi those who ca n't tell the differ between the good , the bad and the ugli .
this kind of dark comedi requir a delic , surgic touch .
but director danni devito and screenwrit adam resnick -lrb- rememb cabin boy ? -rrb-
just pound away .
at time , howev , dogtown and z-boy laps into an insid 's lingo and mindset that the uniniti may find hard to follow , or care about .
rather quick , the film fall into a sooth formula of brother conflict and reconcili .
screenwrit scott abbott and michael petroni have turn rice 's complex akasha into a cartoon monster .
the writer , director walli wolodarski , and all the actor should start their own coeduc fratern : kappa rho alpha phi .
bad beyond belief and ridicul beyond descript .
the new face are interest , but the old stori is n't , especi when it start to seem more improvis than script .
most of the action setup are incoher .
liman , of swinger and go , make his big-budget action film debut someth of a clunker as he deliv a long , low-heat chase , interrupt by a middl car chase .
... surpris inert for a movi in which the main charact travel back and forth between epoch .
the problem is n't that the movi hit so close to home so much as that it hit close to home while engag in such silli as that snake-down-the-throat busi and the inevit shot of schwarzenegg outrun a firebal .
dreari , high annoy ... ` some bodi ' will appeal to no one .
there 's someth deepli creepi about never again , a new arrow in schaeffer 's quiver of ineptitud .
the problem with concept film is that if the concept is a poor one , there 's no save the movi .
sorri , charli
a pain leaden film destin for pre-dawn cabl televis slot .
bless with immens physic prowess he may well be , but ahola is simpli not an actor .
and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he make arnold schwarzenegg look like spencer traci .
the cartoon that is n't realli good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movi that is n't realli good enough to be in theater .
shock onli in that it reveal the filmmak 's bottomless pit of self-absorpt .
this pep-talk for faith , hope and chariti doe littl to offend , but if saccharin earnest were a crime , the film 's produc would be in the clink for life .
all end well , sort of , but the frenzi comic moment never click .
if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospect tourist might want to consid a differ destin -- some jolli countri embroil in a bloodi civil war , perhap .
formula 51 is so trite that even yu 's high-energi action style ca n't break through the stupor .
onli a few minut elaps befor the daddi of all slasher arriv , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remark clean for a guy who has been mass-murd sinc 1978 but has never been seen do laundri .
when the paint backdrop in a movi are more aliv than it charact , you know you re in troubl .
-lrb- two -rrb- fair dull -- contrast and interlock stori about miser scandinavian settler in 18th-centuri canada , and yuppi sailboat in the here and now .
the film is realli not so much bad as bland .
the central stori lack punch .
though ganesh is success in a midlevel sort of way , there 's noth so strike or fascin or metaphor signific about his career as to rate two hour of our attent .
this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movi on record about an aspir writer 's coming-of-ag .
succumb to the same kind of maudlin , sentiment mystic that mar the touch by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movi .
a harmless and mild amus famili comedi .
what was subtl and mystifi in the novella is now broad and farcic .
the kid often appear to be read the line and are incap of convey ani emot .
`` men in black ii , '' has all the earmark of a sequel .
the stori is less vibrant , the joke are a littl lukewarm , but will anyon realli care ?
suck all the ` classic ' out of robert loui stevenson 's treasur island and fill the void with sci-fi video game graphic and disney-fi adolesc angst ...
this 72-minut film doe have some excit scene , but it 's a tad slow .
while super trooper is abov academi standard , it quintet of writer could still use some more school .
a mix of veloc and idioci , this ruinous remak lack the brawn -- and the brain -- of the 1970s origin .
the low-budget full frontal was one of the year 's murkiest , intent obscur and self-indulg pictur , and solari is it big-budget brother .
the plot is veri clever , but boyd weigh it down with too mani charact and event , all intertwin and far too complic to keep track of .
the film seem all but destin to pop up on a televis screen in the background of a scene in a futur quentin tarantino pictur
a free-for-al of half-bak thought , clumsili use visual trick and self-indulg actor moment .
apal absurd ... the chemistri or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portabl tv .
a well act and well intent snoozer .
the smug , oili demeanor that donovan adopt throughout the stupid name pipe dream is just repuls .
must-se view for anyon involv in the high-tech industri .
other may find it migraine-induc , despit moor 's attempt at whimsi and spoon feed .
despit it good natur and some genuin funni moment , super trooper suffer from a bad case of arrest develop .
it 's hard not to feel you ve just watch a feature-length video game with some realli heavi back stori .
i watch the brainless insan of no such thing with mount disbelief .
this limp gender-bender-bal from a first-tim director and rooki screenwrit steal wholesal from that 1982 's tootsi , forget onli to retain a singl laugh .
kwan make the mix-and - match metaphor intrigu , while lull us into torpor with his cultiv allergi to action .
while obvious an extrem person work , it remain inextric stuck in an emot unavail rut .
ani movi this bore should be requir to have usher in the theater that hand you a cup of coffe everi few minut .
like a marathon runner tri to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
i love look at this movi .
i just did n't care as much for the stori .
has all the poignanc of a hallmark card and all the comedi of a gallagh stand-up act .
it doe n't do the origin ani particular dishonor , but neither doe it exud ani charm or person .
fear dot com is so rambl and disconnect it never build ani suspens .
a gorgeous , somnol show that is splendid mummifi and thorough unsurpris .
a semi-autobiograph film that 's so sloppili written and cast that you can not believ anyon more central to the creation of bugsi than the cater had anyth to do with it .
it feel like a communiti theater product of a great broadway play : even at it best , it will never hold a candl to the origin .
the film appar take place in a fantasi world where peopl in hotel hallway recit poetri in voice-ov instead of speak to each other .
the element of surpris might be the onli thing femm fatal has go for it .
it 's the kind of movi you ca n't quit recommend becaus it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you ca n't bring yourself to dislik it .
mayb it 's ask too much , but if a movi is truli go to inspir me , i want a littl more than this .
a graceless , witless attempt at mate some like it hot with the wwii espionag thriller .
the stori and charact are nowher near grip enough .
base on a david leavitt stori , the film share that writer 's usual blend of observ clever , too-facil coincid and slight noxious precious .
just like everi other seagal movi , onli louder and without that silli ponytail .
to enjoy this movi 's sharp dialogu and delight perform by joli and burn , you have to gloss over the no sens end .
nation lampoon 's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of nation lampoon sinc class reunion
this is a great subject for a movi , but hollywood has squander the opportun , use it as a prop for warmed-ov melodrama and the kind of choreograph mayhem that director john woo has built his career on .
eck this one off your must-se list .
overal , the film miss the brillianc of jelinek 's novel by some way .
it settl for be mere grim .
the irwin emerg unscath , but the fiction footag is unconvinc and crimin bad act .
it 's not thirsti , consum passion which drive this movi .
no , it 's the repetit of said behavior , and so children of the centuri is more mindless love than mad , more grate and bore than anyth els .
just becaus it realli happen to you , honey , doe n't mean that it 's interest to anyon els .
just like the deli sandwich : lot of ham , lot of chees , with a sick sweet coat to disguis it excresc until just after -lrb- or dure -rrb- consumpt of it second half .
everi so often a movi come along that confirm one 's wors fear about civil as we know it .
the new guy is one of them .
this is n't a `` friday '' worth wait for .
everyth that 's worthwhil about collis cours can alreadi be seen on televis .
if this movi belong to a soror , it would be call beta alpha delta .
not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a littl like a natur film , show a patient predat and his foolish prey .
uneasi mishmash of style and genr .
herzog is obvious look for a moral to his fabl , but the notion that a strong , unifi show among germani and eastern european jew might have chang 20th-centuri histori is undermin by ahola 's inadequ perform .
all in all , there 's onli one thing to root for : expuls for everyon .
beyond a hand of mild amus line ... there just is n't much to laugh at .
secret ballot is too contempl to be realli funni .
the film 's center will not hold .
myer never know when to let a gag die thus , we re subject to one mind-numb lengthi riff on poo and pee joke after anoth .
too lazi to take advantag of it semi-humor premis .
a great end doe n't make up for a weak movi , and crazi as hell doe n't even have a great end .
dialogue-heavi and too cerebr for it own good -- or , at ani rate , too cerebr for it raci subject matter .
it over-reli on genr convent , charact type and formula conflict resolut crush all the goodwil it otherwis develop .
as an actor , the rock is apt name .
a most tire retread of sever other mob tale .
i wish i could say `` thank god it 's friday '' , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over .
noth about it fit .
as it abrupt crosscut among the five friend , it fail to lend the charact ' individu stori enough dramat reson to make us care about them .
somehow we re meant to buy that this dote mother would shun her kid , travel to one of the most danger part of the world , don fatigu and becom g.i. jane .
the cast is so low-wattag that none of the charact come off as big ... and the set remain indistinct .
consid the titl 's clunk-on-the-head that suggest the overtim someon put in to come up with an irrit unimagin retread concept .
the movi quick drag on becom bore and predict .
i tri to read the time on my watch .
the film make a tragic error by go on for too long , tri to mirror everi subsequ event in chines histori : war , revolut , communism , etc. .
johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not near up to .
ultim the project come across as clinic , detach , uninvolv , possibl prompt audienc member to wonder , ` what 's the point ? '
the two lead are almost good enough to camouflag the dopey plot , but so much naturalist small talk , deliv in almost muffl exchang , eventu has a lull effect .
the film meant well in it hors tale about freedom , but was n't abl to reach the heart becaus it was too overbear .
the movi is as far as you can get from raci , to the point where it almost stop the blood flow to your brain it has a dull , costumey feel .
onc the audienc figur out what 's be said , the filmmak 's relat passiv will make it tough for them to realli care .
there 's noth provoc about this film save for the way in which it studious avoid provok thought .
it seem just a long , convolut ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less .
the premis for this kegger comedi probabl sound brilliant four six-pack and a pitcher of margarita in , but the film must have been written ... in the thrall of a vicious hangov .
even by dumb action-movi standard , ballist : eck vs. sever is a dumb action movi .
the film equival of a toy chest whose content get scatter over the cours of 80 minut .
just a bloodi mess .
creepi but ultim unsatisfi thriller .
you would be better off invest in the worthi emi record that serv as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo product .
has someth to say ... but it is a statement and issu worthi of a much more thought and insight than a melodramat and wholli predict thriller .
bear is bad .
not ` terribl filmmak ' bad , but more like , ' i onc had a nightmar like this , and it 's now come true ' bad .
as is most common case with project such nobl and lofti ambit , the film is less poetic than simpli pretenti .
georg , hire a real director and good writer for the next instal , pleas .
for a film about two mismatch buddi , crystal and de niro share littl screen time and even less chemistri .
howev clever nelson has been in provid variat within the confin of her structur and stage , the question remain whether this should , inde , have been present as a theatric releas .
extrem oop - oop , op , no matter how you spell it , it 's still a mistak to go see it .
what could and should have been bite and droll is instead a tepid wast of time and talent .
what will , most like , turn out to be the most repel movi of 2002 .
... too dull to enjoy .
a moral tale whose thought-provok potenti is hamper by a made-for-tv look , rigid perform and an asinin ` twist ' that brazen rip off the sixth sens .
here 's a self-congratulatori 3d imax rah-rah .
eastwood is an icon of moviemak , one of the best actor , director and produc around , respons for some excel work .
but even a hero can stumbl sometim .
a sophomor explor of ` life problem ' most peopl solv long ago -- or at least got tire of hear peopl kvetch about .
it 's all veri cute , though not terribl funni if you re more than six year old .
the impact of the armenian genocid is dilut by too much stage busi in the modern day .
go to the websit may be just as fun -lrb- and scari -rrb- as go to the film .
lack gravita , macdowel is a placehold for grief , and ergo this sloppi drama is an empti vessel .
leav these flower unpick -- they re dead on the vine .
admir , certain , but not much fun to watch .
for cain lover onli .
a shambl of a movi -- visual unattract , unbear loud and utter silli ... it hilar is complet unintent .
de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critic afford to clint eastwood in the lazi bloodwork .
but like bruce springsteen 's gone-to-pot asburi park , new jersey , this sad-sack wast of a movi is a citi of ruin .
no , it 's not near as good as ani of it influenc .
a reason effici mechan , but it offer few surpris and find it star slum in territori they should have avoid .
the rest of the plot is imposs to explain without blow whatev tension there is , although it 's more comedi than suspens de palma creat .
human natur talk the talk , but it fail to walk the silli walk that distinguish the mere quirki from the surreal .
citi by the sea is the cinemat equival of defens drive : it 's care , conscienti and make no major mistak .
but what save live on the freeway doe not necessarili make for persuas view .
the marqui de sade could n't have been as dull a person as this film make him out to be .
what could have been a neat littl stori about believ in yourself is swamp by heavy-hand melodrama .
the cast is uniform excel ... but the film itself is mere mild charm .
drive for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatori tone that three season achiev but lose it way in rhetor excess and blatant sentiment .
a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 -lrb- k -rrb- statement .
the whole thing play out with the drowsi heavi of synchron swimmer wear a wool wetsuit .
fair success at fake some pretti cool stunt but a complet failur at tri to creat some pretti cool charact .
and forget about ani attempt at a plot !
it will probabl prove interest to ram dass fan , but to other it may feel like a parodi of the mellow , peace-and-lov side of the 60s countercultur .
take away all the clich and the carbon copi scene from everi drug movi we ve seen and all you have left are john leguizamo 's cool jacket .
it 's so full of wrong choic that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worri about what classic oliv parker intend to mangl next time .
showtim is closer to slowtim .
it may be an easi swipe to take , but this barbershop just doe n't make the cut .
the weight of water use water as a metaphor for subconsci desir , but this leaki script bare stay afloat .
` how mani more voyag can this limp but dearly-lov franchis surviv ? '
despit a blue-chip cast and a provoc titl , writer-director peter mattei 's first featur microwav dull leftov romant motif bast in faux-contemporari gravi .
fan of the tv seri will be disappoint , and everyon els will be slight bore .
the onli element of suspens is whether the movi will chang titl or distributor again befor the close credit roll .
bare goe beyond comic book status .
it 's disappoint when filmmak throw a few big-nam actor and cameo at a hokey script .
i spi is an embarrass , a monoton , disjoint jumbl of borrow plot point and situat .
it 's as flat as an open can of pop left sit in the sun .
an eccentr littl comic\/thril deepli in love with it own quirki person .
afraid to pitch into farc , yet onli half-heart in it spi mechan , all the queen 's men is final just one long drag .
mayb it 's the star power of the cast or the redund messag , but someth aboul `` full frontal '' seem , well , contriv .
-lrb- morgan -rrb- , judd and franklin ca n't save the script , root in a novel by joseph finder , from some opportun .
passabl entertain but also mechan and joyless .
safe conduct , howev ambiti and well-intent , fail to hit the entertain bull 's - eye .
my respons to the film is best describ as lukewarm .
mayb i found the proceed a littl bit too convent .
too timid to bring a sens of closur to an ugli chapter of the twentieth centuri .
it 's push-the-limit teen comedi , the type written by peopl who ca n't come up with legitim funni , and it 's use so extens that good bit are hopeless overshadow .
it 's too long , too repetit , and take way too mani year to resolv to be a total winner .
a sudsi cautionari tale .
a movi that tri to fuse the two ` wood ' but wind up a bolly-holli masala mess .
mr. wedg and mr. saldanha handl the mix of verbal joke and slapstick well .
their film falter , howev , in it adher to the disney philosophi of requir poignanc , a salut that i 'd hope the movi would avoid .
leav you with a knot in your stomach , it power is undercut by it own head-bang obvious .
watch it is rather like an overlong visit from a larg group of your relat .
as your relat swap one mundan stori after anoth , you begin to wonder if they are ever go to depart .
unfortun , as a writer , mr. montia is n't near as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
on the right track to someth that 's creepi and effect ... it 's just go to take more than a man in a bullwinkl costum to get there .
the onli thing that could possibl make them less interest than they alreadi are is for them to get full monti into a scrappi , jovial team .
one of those movi where you walk out of the theater not feel cheat exact , but feel pander to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuri .
... this movi has a glossi coat of action movi excess while remain heartless at it core .
murder by number is like a coupl of mediocr tv-movi - of-the-week film clumsili stuck togeth .
the film is surpris well-direct by brett ratner , who keep thing move well -- at least until the problemat third act .
warmed-ov tarantino by way of wannab elmor leonard .
-lrb- sen 's -rrb- soap opera-ish approach undermin his good intent .
showtim is one of the hapless victim of the arrog `` if we put togeth a wri white man and a chatti black man and give them gun , the movi will be funni '' syndrom .
sushi for the connoisseur of the macabr .
do n't wast your money .
though certain origin in form , altar boy requir a tast for swamp thing-typ anim , doubl with a deafen score .
there are n't mani laugh in this interest studi of the cultur more of georgian jew in tel aviv .
there 's not enough to sustain the comedi .
like those to rome , all road in the banger sister inevit lead to a joke about hawn 's breast , which constant threaten to upstag the woman sport them .
we may get the full viscer impact of a ruthless armi on the warpath but no sens of the devilish complex of the balkan conflict .
you re better off stay home and watch the x-file .
chaotic , self-indulg and remark ugli to look at , it 's ... like a seri of pretenti aw student film strung togeth into one feature-length horror .
bear resembl to , and share the weak of , too mani recent action-fantasi extravaganza in which special effect overpow cogent story-tel and visual clariti dure the big action sequenc .
this is the type of movi best enjoy by frat boy and colleg kid while suck on the bong and down one alcohol beverag after anoth .
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it 's call where 's chris tucker when you need him ?
this film is full of rabbit .
brim .
but like most rabbit , it seem to lack substanc .
i weep for the futur when a good portion of the respect critic communiti in this countri consid blue crush to be an intellig film about young women .
i kept wish i was watch a documentari about the wartim navajo and what they accomplish instead of all this specious hollywood hoo-ha .
no number of fantast set , extra , costum and spectacular local can disguis the empti at the center of the stori .
a movi far more cynic and lazi than anyth a fictiti charli kaufman might object to .
could the countri bear realli be as bad as it trailer ?
in a word -- yes .
if high crime were ani more generic it would have a univers product code instead of a titl .
reggio fall victim to reli on the veri digit technolog that he fervent scorn , creat a meander , inarticul and ultim disappoint film .
the movi make absolut no sens .
it under mytholog is a hodgepodg of inconsist that pose the question : sinc when did dumb entertain have to be this dumb ?
the problem with this film is that it 's forc to make it charact idiot in order to advanc the plot .
had anyon here done anyth remot intellig , we all could have stop watch long ago .
despit the authent of the trap , the film is overblown in it plot , hackney in it dialogu and anachronist in it style .
murder and mayhem of this sort quick becom monoton .
the journey toward redempt feel more like a cinemat experi than a full-blown movi .
that zhang would make such a strain cute film -- with a blind orphan at it center , no less -- indic where his ambit have wander .
the gantz ' interview tend to let the guy off the hook .
the street , shot by cinematograph michael ballhaus , may be as authent as they are mean , but it is near imposs to care about what happen on them .
this is a good movi in spurt , but when it doe n't work , it 's at import time .
parker probabl think he 's shake up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-heart messing-about just make us miss wild 's still-contemporari play .
flotsam in the sea of moviemak , not big enough for us to worri about it caus signific harm and not smelli enough to bother despis .
a tv episod inflat past it natur length .
involv at time , but laps quit casual into the absurd .
all these develop and challeng face santa weigh down the plot so heavili that they drain all the film of it energi and needless strain credibl .
there are weird reson between actor and role here , and they re not exact flatter .
the unceas sadism is so graphic excess , the director just end up expos his own obsess .
the stori ... is moldi and obvious .
it 's drain of life in an attempt to be sober and educ , and yet it 's so devoid of realism that it lack of whistl and bell just make it obnoxi and stiff .
suffoc at concept by it munchausen-by-proxi mum .
punish the vehicl to ador the star .
even if britney spear is realli cute , her movi is realli bad .
big fat liar is just futil silli look to tap into the kiddi sensibl .
usual when i get this much syrup , i like pancak to go with it .
all the necessari exposit prevent the pictur from rise abov your generic sand n sandal adventur .
glib , satir documentari that fudg fact , make facil point and engag in the cinemat equival of tabloid journal .
gang of new york is an unapologet mess , whose onli save grace is that it end by blow just about everyth up .
an overblown clunker full of bad joke , howl clich and by-the-numb action sequenc .
without a strong script and energet act , dogma film can produc the same sleep-induc effect as watch your neighbor 's home video .
a mild , reluct , thumb down .
strong setup and ambiti goal fade as the film descend into unsophist scare tactic and b-film thuggeri .
schindler 's list it ai n't .
a cinemat sleep pill of impress potenc .
it 's an aw deriv stori .
the movi bare make sens , with it unbeliev naivet and arbitrari flashback .
it 's an earnest debut full of heartfelt perform , but is ultim let down by a stori that is all too predict .
about as cutting-edg as pet rock : the movi .
with generic set and b-grade special effect , jason is about as convinc on the sci-fi front as tv 's defunct cleopatra 2525 .
not sweet enough to liven up it predict stori and will leav even fan of hip-hop sore disappoint .
wind up feel like lot of other quirki movi that tri to score hip point with young adult .
oft-describ as the antidot to american pie-typ sex comedi , it actual has a bundl in common with them , as the film diffus everi opportun for a breakthrough
the pace is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and thing heat up onli in the movi 's final scene .
the premis is overshadow by the uberviol of the clerick as this becom just anoth kung-fu sci-fi movi with silli action sequenc .
with it hint of a greater intellig lurk somewher , the ring make it stupid more than obvious .
it 's pain .
pumpkin strut about with `` courag '' pin to it huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decor it back .
an uneven film deal with too mani problem to be taken serious .
sheridan ... smooth over sourc of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth .
an aton estrogen opera that demon femin while gift the most sympathet male of the piec with a nice vomit bath at his wed .
half of it is compos of snappi patter and pseudo-sophist cultur observ , while the remaind ... would be more at home on a daytim televis serial .
writer\/director john mckay ignit some charm chemistri between kate and jed but , when he veer into sodden melodrama , punctuat by violin , it 's disastr and kate 's jealous femal friend becom downright despic .
-lrb- newton -rrb- wander through charli complet unawar she need to show some presenc and star qualiti .
unfortun , the pictur fail to captur me .
i found it slow , drab , and border on melodramat .
a lousi movi that 's not mere unwatch , but also unlisten .
the best way to hope for ani chanc of enjoy this film is by lower your expect .
then lower them a bit more .
when not obscur by the boom bass-heavi soundtrack , the convers present the kind of linguist fumbl not heard sinc maci gray 's game of chines whisper with mr bean .
clich are as thick as the cigarett smoke .
a woozi , roister , exhaust mess , and the off-beat cast of it two lead turn out to be as ill-star as you might expect .
` abandon all hope , ye who enter here ' ... you should definit let dant 's gloomi word be your guid .
what begin as a seem brainless , bubbl romant comedi becom a cliche-drench melodrama by mid-film and , by film 's end , a feminist action fantasi .
a grim , flat and bore werewolf movi that refus to develop an energi level .
birot 's directori debut -lrb- she co-wrot the script with christoph honor -rrb- is n't so much bad as it is bland .
watch the film is like read a time portrait of grief that keep shift focus to the journalist who wrote it .
enough similar to gymkata and howi long 's firestorm that my fingernail instinct crawl toward my long-suff eyebal .
succeed in provid a disquiet world the long-dread complet of the polic academi seri .
christian sensit to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spread dr. feelgood or omnipot slacker will feel vast more affront than secularist , who might even prais god for deliv such an instant camp classic .
if this dud had been made in the 70s , it would have been call the hill have antler and play for about three week in drive-in .
a frantic search for laugh , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doe n't exact favour the audienc .
like a documentari version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectu pretens and cinemat interest .
`` an entir film about research quiet read dusti old letter . ''
pryor lite , with half the demon , half the dare , much less talent , mani fewer laugh .
what 's at stake in this film is noth more than an obsolet , if irrit , notion of class .
the stori here suffer from the chosen format .
while the mysteri surround the natur of the boat 's maledict remain intrigu enough to sustain mild interest , the pictur refus to offer much accompani susten in the way of character , humor or plain old popcorn fun .
just how extrem are these op ?
i regret to report that these op are just not extrem enough .
the actor are forc to grappl with hazi motiv that never come into focus .
john leguizamo may be a dramat actor -- just not in this movi .
the sequel has turn complet and irrevoc bizarr to the point of utter nonsens .
hard make the kind of point egoyan want to make , nor doe it exist as the kind of monument he want to build , to victim whose voic have never gain the ear of the world .
build some robot , haul em to the theatr with you for the late show , and put on your own mysteri scienc theatr 3000 tribut to what is almost certain go to go down as the worst -- and onli -- killer websit movi of this or ani other year .
raini day and movi about the disintegr of famili alway get me down .
... has about 3\/4th the fun of it spri 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rush , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sak - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenu .
the master of disast - it 's a piec of dreck disguis as comedi .
the film has a few cute idea and sever modest chuckl but it is n't exact kiddie-friend ... ala , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman -lrb- who never get to play that flute -rrb- has all the charm of a meltdown .
the stupidest , most insult movi of 2002 's first quarter .
it 's so underwritten that you ca n't figur out just where the other charact , includ ana 's father and grandfath , come down on the issu of ana 's futur .
a film so tedious that it is imposs to care whether that boast is true or not .
none of this violat the letter of behan 's book , but miss is it spirit , it ribald , full-throat humor .
bad compani leav a bad tast , not onli becaus of it bad-luck time , but also the stale of it script .
even if it ultim disappoint , the pictur doe have about a matine admiss 's worth of funni to keep it afloat .
fail to bring as much to the tabl .
a film made with as littl wit , interest , and profession as artist possibl for a slummi hollywood caper flick .
disturb superfici in it approach to the materi .
if you re not the target demograph ... this movi is one long chick-flick slog .
i hate this movi
it 's tough to tell which is in more abund suppli in this woefulli hackney movi , direct by scott kalvert , about street gang and turf war in 1958 brooklyn -- stale clich , gratuit violenc , or empti machismo .
good and coburn are both oscar winner , a fact which , as you watch them clumsili mug their way through snow dog , seem inconceiv .
at everi opportun to do someth clever , the film goe right over the edg and kill everi sens of believ ... all you have left is a no-surpris seri of explos and violenc while bandera look like he 's not tri to laugh at how bad it
... piti , slapdash disast .
a doa dud from frame one .
jaw-drop superfici , strain to get by on humor that is not even as dare as john ritter 's glori day on three 's compani .
there are plenti of scene in frida that do work , but rare do they involv the titl charact herself .
although god is great address interest matter of ident and heritag , it 's hard to shake the feel that it was intend to be a differ kind of film .
the dark and bittersweet twist feel strang as thing turn nasti and tragic dure the final third of the film .
first-tim john mckay is never abl to pull it back on cours .
distanc you by throw out so mani red herring , so mani fals scare , that the genuin one bare regist .
godard use his charact -- if that 's not too glorifi a term -- as art thing , mouthpiec , visual motif , blank .
the movi generat plot point with a degre of random usual achiev onli by lotteri draw .
a predict , manipul stinker .
the stori pass time until it 's time for an absurd final of twist metal , firebal and reveng .
eastwood winc , clutch his chest and gasp for breath .
it 's a spectacular perform - ahem , we hope it 's onli act .
the movi suffer from two fatal ailment -- a dearth of vital and a stori that 's shapeless and uninflect .
it 's just weird for the sake of weird , and where human natur should be ingrati , it 's just grate .
an ambiti naturalist , albeit half-bak , drama about an abus , inner-c autist teen .
onc she let her love deprav lead meet , -lrb- deni ' -rrb- stori becom a hopeless , unsatisfi muddl
the dose is strong and funni , for the first 15 minut anyway after that , the potenc wane dramat .
the peopl in abc africa are treat as docil , most wordless ethnograph extra .
what 's realli sad is to see two academi award win actress -lrb- and one academi award win actor -rrb- succumb to appear in this junk that 's tv sitcom materi at best .
no doubt the star and everyon els involv had their heart in the right place .
where their head were is anyon 's guess .
call me a cynic , but there 's someth aw dead about ani movi with a life-affirm messag .
a grate unfunni groaner litter with zero-dimension , unlik charact and hackney , threadbar comic setup .
got some good , organ charact work , lot of obvious polit insight and littl room for engag , imagin filmmak in it near 2 1\/2 - hour , dissip length .
a pain slow cliche-ridden film fill with more hole than clyde barrow 's car .
like leaf through an album of photo accompani by the sketchiest of caption .
i guess it just goe to show that if you give a filmmak an unlimit amount of phoni blood , noth good can happen .
gaghan captur the half-lit , sometim creepi intimaci of colleg dorm room , a subtleti that make the silli , over-the-top coda especi disappoint .
feel less like a chang in -lrb- herzog 's -rrb- person polici than a half-heart fluke .
one of the most unpleas thing the studio has ever produc .
will anyon who is n't a fangoria subscrib be excit that it has n't gone straight to video ?
a select of scene in search of a movi .
-lrb- janey -rrb- forget about her other oblig , lead to a tragedi which is somehow guessabl from the first few minut , mayb becaus it echo the by now intoler morbid of so mani recent movi .
will undoubt play well in european market , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institut , but american audienc will probabl find it familiar and insuffici cathart .
true to it animatron root : ... as stiff , ponder and charmless as a mechan apparatus ... ` the countri bear ' should never have been brought out of hibern .
-lrb- evan is -rrb- a fascin charact , and deserv a better vehicl than this faceti smirk of a movi .
the script 's judgment and sens of weight is way , way off .
you come away wish , though , that the movi spent a lot less time tri to make a credibl case for report from the afterlif and a lot more time on the romant urgenc that 's at the center of the stori .
evelyn may be base on a true and histor signific stori , but the filmmak have made everi effort to disguis it as an unimagin screenwrit 's invent .
a deriv collect of horror and sci-fi clich .
loos speak , we re in all of me territori again , and , strict speak , schneider is no steve martin .
as aimless as an old pickup skid complet out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movi make two hour feel like four .
limp along on a squirm-induc fish-out-of-wat formula that goe nowher and goe there veri , veri slowli .
just the sort of lazi tearjerk that give movi about ordinari folk a bad name .
the redeem featur of chan 's film has alway been the action , but the stunt in the tuxedo seem tire and , what 's wors , routin .
while the import of be earnest offer opportun for occasion smile and chuckl , it doe n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wild 's wit and the actor ' perform .
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
a rambl ensembl piec with loos connect charact and plot that never quit gel .
a lifetim movi about men .
the balkan provid the obstacl cours for the love of a good woman .
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupi out there ?
it 's dark and tragic , and let the busi of the greedi talent agent get in the way of say someth meaning about face death
this is a movi that start out like heather , then becom bring it on , then becom unwatch .
the screenplay flounder under the weight of too mani stori line .
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefor i know better than to rush to the theatr for this one . ' if damon and affleck attempt anoth project greenlight , next time out they might tri pay less attent to the miniseri and more attent to the film it is about .
this is rote drivel aim at mom and dad 's wallet .
contriv , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappi script was the best the contest receiv , those reject must have been astronom bad .
i hate the feel of have been slime in the name of high art .
this is more a case of ` sacr bleu ! '
than ` magnifiqu ' .
the kid in the audienc at the preview screen seem bore , cheer the pratfal but littl els their parent , wise folk that they are , read book .
whether jason x is this bad on purpos is never clear .
but one thing 's for sure : it never come close to be either funni or scari .
yet anoth weepi southern bore-athon .
i like all four of the lead actor a lot and they manag to squeez a few laugh out of the materi , but they re tread water at best in this forgett effort .
perhap the most annoy thing about who is cleti tout ?
is that it 's a crime movi made by someon who obvious know noth about crime .
except as an act exercis or an except dark joke , you wonder what anyon saw in this film that allow it to get made .
this insuffer movi is meant to make you think about existenti suffer .
instead , it ll onli put you to sleep .
who is this movi for ?
not kid , who do n't need the lesson in repugn .
it 's also not smart or barb enough for older viewer -- not everyon think poo-poo joke are ` edgi . '
a sleep-induc slow-pac crime drama with clumsi dialogu , heavy-hand phoney-feel sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devic .
it 's so tedious that it make you forgiv everi fake , dishonest , entertain and , ultim , more percept moment in bridget jone 's diari .
almost as offens as `` freddi got finger . ''
the gift crudup has the perfect face to play a handsom blank yearn to find himself , and his cipherlik person and bad behavior would play fine if the movi knew what to do with him .
it is depress , ruthless pain and deprav , the movi equival of stare into an open wound .
ponder , plod soap opera disguis as a featur film .
cold , pretenti , thorough dislik studi in sociopathi .
for the futur , one hope mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his littl band , a profession screenwrit .
a cheap scam put togeth by some cynic creep at revolut studio and imagin entertain to make the sucker out there surrend $ 9 and 93 minut of unrecover life .
reign of fire never come close to recov from it dement premis , but it doe sustain an enjoy level of ridicul .
human natur is a goofbal movi , in the way that malkovich was , but it tri too hard .
origin is sore lack .
the plot 's clear mythic structur may owe more to disney 's strong sens of formula than to the origin stori .
but while the high predict narrat fall short , treasur planet is truli gorgeous to behold .
though there are entertain and audaci moment , the movi 's wild careen tone and an extrem flat lead perform do littl to salvag this filmmak 's flail reput .
ram dass fierc grace mould itself as an exampl to up-and-com documentarian , of the overlook pitfal of such an endeavour .
lucki break is perfect inoffens and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert .
for a stori set at sea , ghost ship is pretti landbound , with it leaden act , dull exposit and telegraph ` surpris . '
there might be some sort of credibl gender-provok philosophi submerg here , but who the hell care ?
noth more than a stifl moral tale dress up in peekaboo cloth .
i like my christma movi with more elv and snow and less pimp and ho 's .
it all seem wast like deniro 's onc promis career and the onc grand long beach boardwalk .
-lrb- i -rrb- t 's certain laudabl that the movi deal with hot-button issu in a comed context , but barbershop is n't as funni as it should be .
unfortun , a cast of compet perform from movi , televis and the theater are cast adrift in various new york citi locat with no unifi rhythm or visual style .
just entertain enough not to hate , too mediocr to love .
` sophist ' viewer who refus to admit that they do n't like it will like call it ` challeng ' to their fellow sophist .
equilibrium the movi , as oppos to the manifesto , is realli , realli stupid .
excruci unfunni and piti unromant .
the film 's thorough recycl plot and tiresom joke ... drag the movi down .
it doe n't offer audienc ani way of grip what it point is , or even it attitud toward it subject .
this kiddie-ori stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat tri to sneak out of the theater
though impostor devious adopt the guis of a modern motion pictur , it too is a bomb .
cox offer plenti of glimps at exist photo , but there are no movi of nijinski , so instead the director treat us to an aimless hodgepodg .
everi note ring fals .
when the screenwrit respons for one of the worst movi of one year direct an equal miser film the follow year , you 'd have a hard time believ it was just coincid .
it never rise to it clever what-if concept .
admir ambiti but self-indulg .
this stori of unrequit love doe n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
this angst-ridden territori was cover earlier and much better in ordinari peopl .
the entir film is one big excus to play one lewd scene after anoth .
about half of them are funni , a few are sexi and none are use in tell the stori , which is paper-thin and decid unorigin .
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
-lrb- less a movi than -rrb- an appal , odorifer thing ... so rotten in almost everi singl facet of product that you ll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrass .
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilari .
it 's too bad noth els is .
hardman is a grate , manner onscreen presenc , which is especi unfortun in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
el crimen del padr amaro would like be most effect if use as a tool to ralli anti-cathol protestor .
interest and thorough unfaith version of carmen
a serious movi with serious idea .
but serious , folk , it doe n't work .
there 's noth exact wrong here , but there 's not near enough that 's right .
the action here is unusu tame , the charact are too simplist to maintain interest , and the plot offer few surpris .
i could n't help but feel the wast potenti of this slapstick comedi .
what madonna doe here ca n't proper be call act -- more accur , it 's move and it 's talk and it 's occasion gestur , sometim all at onc .
-lrb- a -rrb- pain flat gross-out comedi ...
even if you re an elvi person , you wo n't find anyth to get excit about on this dvd .
the movi certain has it share of clever moment and bite dialogu , but there 's just not much lurk below it abstract surfac .
it 's bedevil by labor write and slack direct .
i 'm sure there 's a teenag boy out there somewher who 's die for this kind of entertain .
the tuxedo miscalcul bad by forc the star to play second fiddl to the dull effect that allow the suit to come to life .
the film is a confus melang of tone and style , one moment a romant trifl and the next a turgid drama .
obvious , a lot of peopl wast a lot of their time -lrb- includ mine -rrb- on someth veri inconsequenti .
there 's a littl violenc and lot of sex in a bid to hold our attent , but it grow monoton after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetit argument , scheme and treacheri .
it drown in sap .
deliber and devot construct , far from heaven is too pictur postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-lik , too obvious a recreat to reson .
it 's rare that a movi can be as intellig as this one is in everi regard except it storylin everyth that 's good is ultim scuttl by a plot that 's just too bore and obvious .
i 'm give it thumb down due to the endless repetit scene of embarrass .
there 's got to be a more grace way of portray the devast of this diseas .
the good thing -- the onli good thing -- about extrem op is that it 's so inan that it gave me plenti of time to ponder my thanksgiv to-do list .
the modern-day charact are nowher near as vivid as the 19th-centuri one .
bless with a sear lead perform by ryan gosl -lrb- murder by number -rrb- , the movi is power and provoc .
it 's also built on a faulti premis , one it follow into melodrama and silli .
uneven perform and a spotti script add up to a bite satir that has no teeth .
director jay russel stomp in hobnail boot over natali babbitt 's gentl , endear 1975 children 's novel .
benigni 's pinocchio is extrem straight and mind-numb stilt , it episod pace keep the film from develop ani storytel flow .
the troubl thing about clockstopp is that it doe n't make ani sens .
with it paint fight , motor scooter chase and dewy-ey sentiment , it 's a pretti listless collect of kid-movi clich .
most the film is just hectic and homilet : two part exhaust men in black mayhem to one part famili valu .
kick off with an inauspici premis , mope through a dreari tract of virtual plotless meander and then end with a whimper .
a rote exercis in both anim and storytel .
the materi and the product itself are littl more than routin .
the movi 's major and most devast flaw is it relianc on formula , though , and it 's quit enough to lessen the overal impact the movi could have had .
not even steven spielberg has dream up such blatant and sicken product placement in a movi .
it 's all surfac psychodramat .
the mothman propheci , which is most a bore , seem to exist onli for it climact setpiec .
that frenet spectacl -lrb- on the tv show -rrb- has usual been leaven by a charm that 's conspicu miss from the girl ' big-screen blowout .
kitschi , flashi , overlong soap opera .
for all the time we spend with these peopl , we never realli get insid of them .
yet anoth arnold vehicl that fail to make adequ use of his particular talent .
sandra bullock , despit downplay her good look , carri a littl too much ai n't - she-cut baggag into her lead role as a troubl and determin homicid cop to quit pull off the heavi stuff .
an undistinguish attempt to make a classic theater piec cinemat .
too mani scenario in which the hero might have an opportun to triumphant sermon , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselv if thing will turn out okay .
there is simpli not enough of interest onscreen to sustain it seventy-minut run time .
a wordi wisp of a comedi .
broomfield 's style of journal is hard journal at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impati .
-lrb- seagal 's -rrb- strenuous attempt at a chang in express could veri well clinch him this year 's razzi .
has the disjoint feel of a bunch of strung-togeth tv episod .
a seri of escapad demonstr the adag that what is good for the goos is also good for the gander , some of which occasion amus but none of which amount to much of a stori .
ozpetek offer an aid subtext , skim over the realiti of gay sex , and present yet anoth tire old vision of the gay communiti as an all-inclus world where uptight , middl class bore like antonia can feel good about themselv .
a dopey movi cloth in excess layer of hip .
the sweetest thing is expressli for idiot who do n't care what kind of sewag they shovel into their mental gullet to simul susten .
sink so low in a poor play game of absurd plot twist , idiot court maneuv and stupid charact that even freeman ca n't save it .
i realiz that no matter how fantast reign of fire look , it stori was make no sens at all .
it made me realiz that we realli have n't had a good cheesi b-movi play in theater sinc ... well ... sinc last week 's reign of fire .
some movi were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballist : eck vs. sever , were made for the palm screen .
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoct lack in imagin and authent christma spirit , yet it 's gear toward an audienc full of master of both .
after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audienc , as well as the charact , is messi , murki , unsatisfi .
seem content to dog-paddl in the mediocr end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .
it 's refresh that someon understand the need for the bad boy diesel , with his brawni frame and cool , compos deliveri , fit the bill perfect .
if all of eight leg freak was as entertain as the final hour , i would have no problem give it an unqualifi recommend .
suffer from a flat script and a low budget .
there are deepli religi and spiritu peopl in this world who would argu that enter a church , synagogu or templ doe n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .
the same should go for movi theater .
seem a vehicl to showcas the canadian 's inan rambl , steal harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloqui about noth deliv by the former mr. drew barrymor .
the film tri to touch on spousal abus but veer off cours and becom just anoth reveng film .
as it stand it 's an opera movi for the buff .
this franchis has not spawn a singl good film .
the crap continu .
it inescap absurd are tantamount to insult the intellig of anyon who has n't been live under a rock -lrb- sinc sept. 11 -rrb- .
high drama , disney-styl - a wing and a prayer and a hunki has-been pursu his castl in the sky .
like it script , which nurs plot hole gape enough to pilot an entir olymp swim team through , the charact in swimfan seem motiv by noth short of dull , brain-deaden hangov .
one big blusteri movi where noth realli happen .
when it come out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
like a comedian who start off promis but then proceed to flop , comedian run out of steam after a half hour .
the pair doe sound promis in theori ... but their lack of chemistri make eddi murphi and robert deniro in showtim look like old , familiar vaudevill partner .
director chris eyr is go through the pace again with his usual high melodramat style of filmmak .
as it stand , there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tens argu , but not a whole lot more .
i could just feel the screenwrit at everi moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tap away ' on this screenplay .
the pictur doe n't know it 's a comedi .
a stupid , deriv horror film that substitut extrem gore for suspens .
the rollerbal sequenc feel sanitis and stagey .
roman polanski direct the pianist like a surgeon mend a broken heart veri meticul but without ani passion .
noth more than a run-of-the-mil action flick .
lan yu is certain a servic melodrama , but it doe n't even tri for the great that happi togeth shoot for -lrb- and miss -rrb- .
this is an action movi with an action icon who 's been all but decommiss .
even if it is general amus from time to time , i spi has all the same problem the major of action comedi have .
much like robin william , death to smoochi has alreadi reach it expir date .
an annoy orgi of excess and exploit that has no point and goe nowher .
a tire , unnecessari retread ... a stale copi of a pictur that was n't all that great to begin with .
an often unfunni romp .
a worthi idea , but the uninspir script , act and direct never rise abov the level of an after-school tv special .
twenti year later , reggio still know how to make a point with poetic imageri , but his abil to startl has been stifl by the veri preval of the fast-forward technolog that he so stringent take to task .
ear-split exercis in formula crash-and-bash action .
we have an actor who is great fun to watch perform in a film that is onli mild divert .
despit hoffman 's best effort , wilson remain a silent , lumpish cipher his encount reveal noth about who he is or who he was befor .
there 's a thin line between likabl old-fashion and fuddy-duddi , and the count of mont cristo ... never quit settl on either side .
the emot overload of femal angst irrepar drag the film down .
schaefer 's ... determin to inject farcic raunch ... drown out the promis of the romant angl .
like showgirl and glitter , the most entertain moment here are unintent .
while some of the camera work is interest , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betray by the surpris shoddi makeup work .
the origin stori is well told , and the charact will not disappoint anyon who valu the origin comic book .
it 's in the action scene that thing fall apart .
impostor is a step down for director gari fleder .
seagal , who look more like danni aiello these day , mumbl his way through the movi .
the movi is a neglig work of manipul , an exploit piec do it usual worst to guilt-trip parent .
lack dramat punch and depth .
there are moment of real pleasur to be found in sara sugarman 's whimsic comedi veri annie-mari but not enough to sustain the film .
i can analyz this movi in three word : thumb friggin ' down .
sad , ` garth ' has n't progress as nice as ` wayn . ' make like the titl and dodg this one .
this is not one of the movi you 'd want to watch if you onli had a week to live .
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capabl hold our interest , but it just not a thrill movi .
here 's a case of two actor who do everyth human possibl to creat charact who are sweet and believ , and are defeat by a screenplay that forc them into bizarr , implaus behavior .
it 's obvious -lrb- je-gyu is -rrb- tri for poetri what he get instead has all the lyric of a limerick scrawl in a public restroom .
sweet home alabama is one dumb movi , but it stupid is so relentless harmless that it almost win you over in the end .
-lrb- green is -rrb- the comedi equival of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about readi to go to the u.n. and ask permiss for a preemptiv strike .
no amount of good act is enough to save oleand 's uninspir stori .
a vile , incoher mess ... a scummi ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrom . '
murphi and wilson actual make a pretti good team ... but the project surround them is distress rote .
despit it raucous intent , xxx is as convent as a nike ad and as rebelli as spring break .
think the lion king redon for hors , with fewer deliber laugh , more inadvert one and stun trite song by bryan adam , the world 's most generic rock star .
it is one more celluloid testimoni to the cruelti experienc by southern black as distil through a caucasian perspect .
it 's tough be a black man in america , especi when the man has taken away your car , your work-hour and deni you health insur .
a small fortun in salari and stunt car might have been save if the director , tom dey , had splice togeth bit and piec of midnight run and 48 hour -lrb- and , for that matter , shrek -rrb- .
an amateurish , quasi-improvis act exercis shot on ugli digit video .
the hole in this film remain agap -- hole punch through by an inconsist , meander , and sometim dri plot .
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been ani easier to sit through than this hastili dub disast ?
unoffici , nation lampoon 's van wilder is son of anim hous .
offici , it is twice as bestial but half as funni .
this is a fragment film , onc a good idea that was follow by the bad idea to turn it into a movi .
mindless yet impress lean spinoff of last summer 's bloat effect fest the mummi return .
halfway through the movi , the humor dwindl .
it 's replac by some dramat scene that are jar and deepli out of place in what could have -lrb- and probabl should have -rrb- been a lightheart comedi .
will be far more interest to the soderbergh faith than it will be to the casual moviego who might be lure in by julia robert ...
authent , and at time endear , humor , spooki , educ , but at other time as bland as a block of snow .
control-alt-delet simon as quick as possibl
follow the origin film virtual scene for scene and yet manag to bleed it almost complet dri of humor , verv and fun .
the filmmak ascend , liter , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flaw , dazzl seri with the rais of someth other than his own cremast .
the screenplay come across , rather unintent , as hip-hop scooby-doo .
has lost some of the dramat convict that under the best of comedi ...
vagu interest , but it 's just too too much .
... no charm , no laugh , no fun , no reason to watch .
a generic famili comedi unlik to be appreci by anyon outsid the under-10 set .
kung pow seem like some futil concoct that was develop hastili after oedekerk and his fellow moviemak got through crash a colleg keg parti .
kuri seem intimid by both her subject matter and the period trap of this debut ventur into the heritag busi .
the film virtual choke on it own self-consci .
a manipul feminist empower tale thin pose as a serious drama about spousal abus .
everyth in maid in manhattan is exceed pleasant , design not to offend .
it goe down easi , leav virtual no aftertast .
a profound stupid affair , popul it hackney and meanspirit storylin with cardboard charact and perform who valu cash abov credibl .
... pay tribut to hero the way julia robert hand out award -- with phoni humil bare camouflag grotesqu narciss .
time stand still in more way that one in clockstopp , a sci-fi thriller as lazi as it is intermin .
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sens of suspens , and none of the plot ` surpris ' are realli surpris .
eccentr enough to stave off doldrum , caruso 's self-consci debut is also emin forgett .
to work , love stori requir the full emot involv and support of a viewer .
that is made almost imposs by event that set the plot in motion .
although barbershop boast some of today 's hottest and hippest act from the world of televis , music and stand-up comedi , this movi strang enough has the outdat swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploit shuck-and-j sitcom .
a puzzl whose piec do not fit .
some are fascin and other are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movi .
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intellig .
the good is veri , veri good ... the rest run from mild unimpress to despair aw .
` butterfing ' is the word for the big-fist direct of jez butterworth , who manag to blast even the smallest sensit from the romanc with his clamor approach .
be forewarn , if you re depress about anyth befor watch this film , you may just end up tri to drown yourself in a lake afterward .
a terribl adapt of a play that onli ever walk the delic tightrop between farcic and loathsom .
in the wrong hand , i.e. peplo 's , it 's simpli unbear
an inexperienc director , mehta has much to learn .
a limp eddi murphi vehicl that even he seem embarrass to be part of .
so muddl , repetit and rag that it say far less about the horrifi histor realiti than about the filmmak 's characterist style .
a gushi episod of `` m \* a \* s \* h '' onli this time from an asian perspect .
`` look for leonard '' just seem to kinda sit in neutral , hope for a stiff wind to blow it uphil or someth .
noth more than four or five mild chuckl surround by 86 minut of overly-familiar and poorly-construct comedi .
definit in the guilti pleasur b-movi categori , reign of fire is so incred inan that it is laugh enjoy .
good-look but relentless lowbrow outing play like clueless doe south fork .
entertain enough , but noth new
... one resurrect too mani .
this is a film about the irksom , tiresom natur of complac that remain utter satisfi to remain the same throughout .
even as the hero of the stori rediscov his passion in life , the mood remain odd detach .
demeo is not without talent he just need better materi .
in spite of featur a script credit to no fewer than five writer , appar nobodi here bother to check it twice .
no one involv , save dash , show the slightest aptitud for act , and the script , credit to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seem entir improvis .
initi grip , eventu cloy pow drama .
a timid , soggi near miss .
work better in the concept than it doe in the execut ... wind up seem just a littl too clever .
to the vast major of more casual filmgoer , it will probabl be a talki bore .
observ intellig constant vie with pretens -- and sometim plain wacki implaus -- throughout maelstrom .
this version of h.g. well ' time machin was direct by h.g. well ' great-grandson .
they should have found orson well ' great-grandson .
shunji iwai 's all about lili chou chou is a beauti shot , but ultim flaw film about grow up in japan .
with more charact develop this might have been an eeri thriller with better payoff , it could have been a think man 's monster movi .
thriller directori debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right part , but the piec do n't quit fit togeth .
... would be a total loss if not for two support perform take place at the movi 's edg .
there 's not a singl jump-in-your-seat moment and believ it or not , jason actual take a backseat in his own film to special effect .
goldbach draw on an eleg visual sens and a talent for easi , seduct pace ... but she and write partner laurenc coriat do n't manag an equal assur narrat coinag .
though harri is affect at time , he can not overcom the sens that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two director with far less endear disabl .
the documentari is much too convent -- lot of bore talk head , etc. -- to do the subject matter justic .
the movi itself appear to be run on hypertim in revers as the truli funni bit get further and further apart .
this is not a jacki chan movi .
it 's just a movi that happen to have jacki chan in it .
and that make all the differ .
far too clever by half , howard 's film is realli a seri of strung-togeth moment , with all the space in between fill with fantasi , daydream , memori and one fantast visual trope after anoth .
the problem with movi about angel is they have a tendenc to slip into hokum .
a rumor of angel doe n't just slip -- it avalanch into forc fuzzi .
no big whoop , noth new to see , zero thrill , too mani flashback and a choppi end make for a bad film .
i do n't think this movi love women at all .
shankman ... and screenwrit karen janszen bungl their way through the narrat as if it were a seri of bibl parabl and not an actual stori .
a neglig british comedi .
fail to convinc the audienc that these brat will ever be anyth more than loser .
slack and uninspir , and peopl main by charact so unsympathet that you re left with a sour tast in your mouth .
skip this turd and pick your nose instead becaus you re sure to get more out of the latter experi .
what can one say about a bald 50-year-old actor play an innoc boy carv from a log ?
trailer trash cinema so uncool the onli thing miss is the `` gadzook ! ''
her film is like a beauti food entre that is n't heat proper , so that it end up a bit cold and relat flavorless .
like the world of his film , hartley creat a monster but did n't know how to handl it .
no new plot concept or environment chang , just differ bodi for sharp object to rip through .
need more impressionist cinematographi and exhilar point-of-view shot and fewer slow-mot ` grandeur ' shot and quick-cut edit that often detract from the athletic .
in the end , there is n't much to it .
a wast of fearless puriti in the act craft .
the film is ultim about as inspir as a hallmark card .
anyon not into high-tech splatterfest is advis to take the warn liter , and log on to someth more user-friend .
disreput do and exquisit trap are dampen by a lacklust script and substandard perform .
you could easili mistak it for a sketchi work-in-progress that was inexplic rush to the megaplex befor it time .
director harri gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascin subject matter , but the coupl expos themselv are n't all that interest .
yet anoth entri in the sentiment oh-those-wacky-brit genr that was usher in by the full monti and is still strain to produc anoth smash hit .
for those for whom the name woodi allen was onc a guarante of someth fresh , sometim funni , and usual genuin worthwhil , hollywood end is a depress experi
femm fatal offer noth more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond play fair with the audienc .
are we deal with dream , vision or be told what actual happen as if it were the third end of clue ?
it could have been someth special , but two thing drag it down to mediocr -- director clare peplo 's misunderstand of marivaux 's rhythm , and mira sorvino 's limit as a classic actress .
fluffi neo-noir hide behind cutesi film refer .
imagin susan sontag fall in love with howard stern .
like be trap insid a huge video game , where excit , inan imag keep pop past your head and the same illog thing keep happen over and over again .
should have been worth cheer as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
the best thing about the movi is it person , amus cast .
these guy seem great to knock back a beer with but they re simpli not funni perform .
everyth was as superfici as the forc new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .
final come down off of miramax 's deep shelv after a coupl of abort attempt , wake up in reno make a strong case for let sleep dog lie .
a movi that feel like the pilot episod of a new teen-target action tv seri .
one of the most highly-prais disappoint i ve had the misfortun to watch in quit some time .
the anim and backdrop are lush and invent , yet return to neverland never manag to take us to that elus , love place where we suspend our disbelief .
director shekhar kapur and screenwrit michael schiffer and hossein amini have tri hard to modern and reconceptu thing , but the barrier final prove to be too great .
strong filmmak requir a clear sens of purpos , and in that oh-so-import categori , the four feather come up short .
the thought of watch this film with an audienc full of teenag fixat on it bodi humour and reinforc of stereotyp -lrb- of which they ll get plenti -rrb- fill me with revuls .
devolv into the deriv , lean on badly-rend cgi effect .
anyon who get chill from movi with giant plot hole will find plenti to shake and shiver about in ` the ring . '
a grand fart come from a director begin to resembl someon 's crazi french grandfath .
the script is a disast , with cloy messag and irksom charact .
both overstuf and undernourish ... the film ca n't be call a solid success , although there 's plenti of evid here to indic clooney might have better luck next time .
plod along , minus the twist humor and eye-pop visual that have made miik ... a cult hero .
hollywood has taken quit a nosed from alfr hitchcock 's imagin flight to shyamalan 's self-import summer fluff .
the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirm and her naiv dream play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-str pluck .
i firm believ that a good video game movi is go to show up soon .
i also believ that resid evil is not it .
it has the air of a surpris juvenil lark , a pop-influenc prank whose charm are immedi appar and wear thin with repetit .
the plot meander from grip to plod and back .
this is cruel , misanthrop stuff with onli weak claim to surreal and black comedi .
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glori day can disguis the fact that the new film is a lame kiddi flick and that carvey 's consider talent are wast in it .
best describ as i know what you did last winter .
-lrb- taylor -rrb- take us on a ride that 's consist surpris , easi to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .
it 's difficult for a longtim admir of his work to not be swept up in invinc and overlook it drawback .
lazili direct by charl stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davi .
though jone and snipe are enthral , the movi bog down in rhetor and clich .
the most remark -lrb- and frustrat -rrb- thing about world travel , which open today in manhattan , is that it protagonist , after be an object of intens scrutini for 104 minut , remain a complet blank .
an artsploit movi with too much exploit and too littl art .
the pace is often way off and there are too mani bona fide groaner among too few laugh .
with line that feel like long soliloqui -- even as they are be frame in convers -- max is static , stilt .
bare manag for but a few second over it seem etern run time to piqu your interest , your imagin , your empathi or anyth , realli , save your disgust and your indiffer .
writer\/director burr steer emphas the q in quirki , with mix result .
one sens in world travel and in his earlier film that freundlich bear a grievous but obscur complaint against father , and circl it obsess , without make contact .
in between the ici stunt , the actor spout hilari dialogu about follow your dream and ` just let the mountain tell you what to do . '
the obligatori break-up and hook-up do n't seem to have much emot impact on the charact .
make no mistak , ivan xtc .
is a mess .
hypnot dull , relentless downbeat , laughabl predict wail pitch to the cadenc of a depress fifteen-year-old 's suicid poetri .
the concept is a hoot .
the trailer is a riot .
the movi is a dud .
it 's a bore movi about a bore man , made watchabl by a bravura perform from a consumm actor incap of be bore .
becaus the intellig level of the charact must be low , veri low , veri veri low , for the masquerad to work , the movi contain no wit , onli labor gag .
it 's hard to imagin anoth director ever make his wife look so bad in a major movi .
some stun visual -- and some stagger bore cinema .
these charact becom wearisom .
a hit - and-miss affair , consist amus but not as outrag or funni as cho may have intend or as imagin as one might have hope .
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were be shown on the project televis screen of a sport bar .
kim ki-deok seem to have in mind an -lrb- emot at least -rrb- adolesc audienc demand regular shock and bout of bare defens sexual violenc to keep it interest .
a sterl film - a cross between boy do n't cri , deliver , and ode to billi joe - lie somewher in the stori of matthew shepard , but that film is yet to be made .
after sit through this sloppi , made-for-movi comedi special , it make me wonder if lawrenc hate critic so much that he refus to evalu his own work .
contriv pastich of caper clich .
mani shallow movi these day seem too long , but this one is egregi short .
just a kiss want desper to come off as a fanci film about the typic problem of averag peopl .
but it is set in a world that is veri , veri far from the one most of us inhabit .
the most ill-conceiv anim comedi sinc the 1991 dog rover dangerfield .
like shave ice without the top , this cinemat snow cone is as innocu as it is flavorless .
despit it sincer act , sign is just anoth unorigin run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsi end and lot of hype .
yet anoth movi which presum that high school social group are at war , let alon conscious of each other 's exist .
loud , chaotic and larg unfunni .
i ca n't rememb the last time i saw an audienc laugh so much dure a movi , but there 's onli one problem ... it 's suppos to be a drama .
qualiti that were onc amus are becom irrit .
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be cross off the list of idea for the inevit futur sequel -lrb- hey , do n't shoot the messeng -rrb- .
donovan ... squander his main asset , jacki chan , and fumbl the vital action sequenc .
there is no psycholog here , and no real narrat logic -- just a seri of care choreograph atroc , which becom strang imperson and abstract .
bread , my sweet has so mani flaw it would be easi for critic to shred it .
it may even fall into the categori of film you love to hate .
i admit it , i hate to like it .
frida is certain no disast , but neither is it the kahlo movi frida fan have been look for .
leak treacl from everi pore .
the charact are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogu cia assassin work for chris cooper 's agenc boss close in on the resourc amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon\/bourn or his predica .
kapur weigh down the tale with bogus profund .
while we want macdowel 's charact to retriev her husband , we have to ask whether her person odyssey trump the carnag that claim so mani live around her .
blue crush is as predict as the tide .
... the movi feel stitch togeth from stock situat and charact from other movi .
if you enjoy be reward by a script that assum you are n't veri bright , then blood work is for you .
troubl everi day is a success in some sens , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
the film 's stagecraft are intim and therefor bolder than the otherwis calcul artific that defin and overwhelm the film 's product design .
a well-intent effort that 's still too burden by the actor 's offbeat sensibl for the earnest emot core to emerg with ani degre of access .
a family-friend fantasi that end up do veri littl with it imagin premis .
a plod look at the french revolut through the eye of aristocrat .
tom shadyac has learn a bit more craft sinc direct adam , but he still linger over everi point until the slowest viewer grasp it .
unspool like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minut infomerci , blend entrepreneuri zeal with the testimoni of satisfi custom .
a fast-pac , glitzi but extrem silli piec .
ani reason creativ eighth-grad could have written a more credibl script , though with the same number of continu error .
... while the humor aspect of ` jason x ' were far more entertain than i had expect , everyth els about the film tank .
your tast for jonah - a veggi tale movi may well depend on your threshold for pop manifest of the holi spirit .
like an afterschool special with costum by gianni versac , mad love look better than it feel .
while certain cue , like the happi music , suggest that this movi is suppos to warm our heart , jeong-hyang lee 's film is just as like to blacken that organ with cold veng .
the script , the gag , the charact are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remain .
a thriller without thrill and a mysteri devoid of urgent question .
a collag of clich and a dim echo of allus to other film .
the film is hamper by it predict plot and paper-thin support charact .
jonah is onli so-so ... the addit of a biblic messag will either improv the film for you , or it will lessen it .
an excruci demonstr of the unsalvag of a movi saddl with an amateurish screenplay .
how mani more time will indi filmmak subject us to bore , self-import stori of how horribl we are to ourselv and each other ?
there are some laugh in this movi , but william ' anarchi get tiresom , the satir is weak .
as steami as last week 's pork dumpl .
the somber pace and lack of dramat firework make green dragon seem more like medicin than entertain .
the filmmak need more emphasi on the storytel and less on the glamor machin that thrust the audienc into a futur they wo n't much care about .
anoth wholli unnecessari addit to the grow , molder pile of , well , extrem stunt pictur .
this strenuous unfunni showtim deserv the hook .
the whole thing 's fair lame , make it par for the cours for disney sequel .
... it solemn pretens prevent us from share the awe in which it hold itself .
... the good and differ idea -lrb- of middle-ag romanc -rrb- is not handl well and , except for the fine star perform , there is littl els to recommend `` never again . ''
if disney 's cinderella prove that ' a dream is a wish your heart make , ' then cinderella ii prove that a nightmar is a wish a studio 's wallet make .
featur nonsens and laughabl plot , wooden perform , inept direct action sequenc and some of the worst dialogu in recent memori .
with rare bird , as with the ship news befor it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland 's wild soil -- and the rock onc again resist the intrus .
noth about this movi work .
if the idea of the white man arriv on foreign shore to show wari nativ the true light is abhorr to you , the simplist heaven will quit like be more like hell .
a spooki yarn of demon do on the high sea that work better the less the brain is engag .
none of birthday girl 's calcul event take us by surpris ...
are monster born , or made ?
lisa rinzler 's cinematographi may be love , but love liza 's tale itself virtual collaps into an inhal blackout , maintain conscious just long enough to achiev callow pretens .
the narrat and the other charact tri to convinc us that act transfigur esther , but she 's never seen speak on stage one feel cheat , and esther seem to remain an unchang dullard .
it 's exact the kind of movi toback 's detractor alway accus him of make .
with the dog day of august upon us , think of this dog of a movi as the cinemat equival of high humid .
less about shakespear than the spawn of fool who saw quentin tarantino 's hand of raucous gangster film and branch out into their own pseudo-witti copycat interpret .
the film is like sit in a downtown cafe , overhear a bunch of typic late-twenty-someth natter on about noth , and desper wish you could chang tabl .
this rather unfocus , all-over-the-map movi would be a lot better if it pare down it plot and charact to a few rather than dozen ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sens of humor .
take a clunki tv-movi approach to detail a chapter in the life of the celebr irish playwright , poet and drinker .
not onli doe the thorough formula film repres total exemplifi middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also repres glossi hollywood at it laziest .
a shame that steal harvard is too busi get in it own way to be anyth but frustrat , bore , and forgett .
near everi attempt at humor here is doa .
collaps under it own meager weight .
this is mild-mann , been-ther materi given a pedestrian spin by a director who need a touch of the flamboy , the outrag .
if you ador the full monti so resound that you re die to see the same old thing in a tire old set , then this should keep you reason entertain .
technic and artist inept .
those who are onli mild curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewild by the artsi and often pointless visual .
though tom shadyac 's film kick off spookili enough , around the halfway mark it take an abrupt turn into glucos sentiment and laughabl contriv .
a long , dull process of despair , set to cello music cull from a minimalist funer .
call me a cold-heart curmudgeon for not be abl to enjoy a mindless action movi , but i believ a movi can be mindless without be the peak of all thing insipid .
death might be a releas .
`` -lrb- hopkin -rrb- doe n't so much phone in his perform as fax it .
no , even that 's too commit .
he get his secretari to fax it . ''
sodden and glum , even in those moment where it 's suppos to feel funni and light .
priggish , letharg pace parabl of renew .
a beauti shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
even with it $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quit achiev the feel of a fanci motion pictur .
this is a third-person stori now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinari for it .
the filmmak know how to pleas the eye , but it is not alway the prettiest pictur that tell the best stori .
written , flat , by david kendal and direct , bare , by there 's someth about mari co-writ ed decter .
the charact are interest and the relationship between yosuk and saeko is worth watch as it develop , but there 's not enough to the stori to fill two hour .
veri well made , but doe n't generat a lot of tension .
like be invit to a classi dinner soire and not know anyon .
you leav the same way you came -- a few tasti morsel under your belt , but no new friend .
it 's depress to see how far herzog has fallen .
the question hang over the time machin is not , as the main charact suggest , ` what if ? '
but rather , ` how can you charg money for this ? '
million of dollar heap upon a project of such vast proport need to reap more reward than spiffi bluescreen techniqu and stylish weaponri .
`` freaki friday , '' it 's not .
perhap a better celebr of these unfair dismiss hero would be a film that is n't this pain forc , fals and fabric .
although no pastri is violat , this nasti comedi poke fun at the same easi target as other rowdi raunch-fest -- fart , boob , unmention -- without much success .
in this film , aussi david caesar channel the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchi .
mayb you ll be lucki , and there ll be a power outag dure your screen so you can get your money back .
the character and dialogu lack depth or complex , with the iron except of scooter .
this film was made by and for those folk who collect the serial killer card and are fascin by the mere suggest of serial killer .
for the rest of us , sit through dahmer 's two hour amount to littl more than punish .
narc can onli remind us of brilliant crime drama without becom one itself .
somewher insid the mess that is world travel , there is a mediocr movi tri to get out .
a tedious parabl about honesti and good sportsmanship .
it strength and weak play off each other virtual to a stand-off , with the unfortun trump card be the dreari mid-sect of the film .
an art yet depress film that make a melodramat mountain out of the molehil of a miss bike .
the movi 's ultim point -- that everyon should be themselv -- is trite , but the screenwrit and director michel gondri restat it to the point of ridicul .
a glossi knock-off of a b-movi reveng flick .
... expand the horizon of boredom to the point of collaps , turn into a black hole of dull , from which no interest concept can escap .
it 's just plain bore .
sad nonsens , this .
but not without cheesi fun factor .
one of those decades-span histor epic that strive to be intim and social encompass but fail to do justic to either effort in three hour of screen time .
realli dumb but occasion realli funni .
the movi waver between hallmark card sentiment and goofi , life-affirm moment straight out of a cellular phone commerci .
the director 's mani dodg and turn add up to littl more than a screen of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspens and payoff .
while the transgress trap -lrb- especi the frank sex scene -rrb- ensur that the film is never dull , rodrigu 's beast-within metaphor is ultim rather silli and overwrought , make the ambigu end seem goofi rather than provoc .
the satir is unfocus , while the stori goe nowher .
they threw load of money at an idea that should ve been so much more even if it was onli made for teenag boy and wrestl fan .
it 's mire in a shabbi script that pile layer upon layer of action man clich atop wooden dialogu and a shift tone that fall far short of the peculiar moral amor of -lrb- woo 's -rrb- best work .
rey ' directori debut has good thing to offer , but ultim it 's undon by a sloppi script
if you re over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's licens , you should be abl to find better entertain .
the darker element of misogyni and unprovok violenc suffoc the illumin creat by the two daughter and the spars instanc of humor meant to shine through the gloomi film noir veil .
... the pictur 's clever is iron mute by the veri peopl who are intend to make it shine .
never doe `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emot or timeless of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent success such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . '' one of those so-so film that could have been much better .
crossroad feel like a teenybopp ed wood film , replet with the pubesc scandal innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
fail to satisfactorili exploit it gender polit , genr thrill or inher humor .
interview with the assassin is structur less as a documentari and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shake it blair witch project real-tim root .
cacoyanni ' vision is far less matur , interpret the play as a call for piti and sympathi for anachronist phantasm haunt the imagin glori of their own past .
it has more in common with a firework display than a movi , which normal is expect to have charact and a storylin .
it appear to have been made by peopl to whom the idea of narrat logic or cohes is an entir foreign concept .
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicap than a nice belgian waffl .
it 's not help to listen to extremist name-cal , regardless of whether you think kissing was a calcul fiend or just a slipperi self-promot .
abandon spend 90 minut tri figur out whether or not some cocki pseudo-intellectu kid has intent left colleg or was kill .
the onli problem is that , by the end , no one in the audienc or the film seem to realli care .
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauti and the beast , but in this case the beast should definit get top bill .
robert john burk as the monster horn in and steal the show .
due to stodgi , soap opera-ish dialogu , the rest of the cast come across as stick figur read line from a teleprompt .
-lrb- t -rrb- he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seek to reli on an ambigu present .
while it may not add up to the sum of it part , holofcen 's film offer just enough insight to keep it from be simplemind , and the ensembl cast is engag enough to keep you from shift in your chair too often .
an overwrought taiwanes soaper about three peopl and their mixed-up relationship .
nobodi seem to have care much about ani aspect of it , from it cheesi screenplay to the grayish qualiti of it light to it last-minut , haphazard theatric releas .
a thorough aw movi -- dumb , narrat chaotic , visual sloppi ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatr ` scream . ' ... anoth exampl of how sandler is lose his touch .
noth stick , realli , except a linger creepi one feel from be drag through a sad , sordid univers of gun , drug , avaric and damag dream .
what goe on for the 110 minut of `` panic room '' is a battl of witless between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capabl trio of crimin .
the plot 's contriv are uncomfort strain .
guilti of the worst sin of attribut to a movi like this : it 's not scari in the slightest .
schnieder bounc around with limp wrist , wear tight tummi top and hip hugger , twirl his hair on his finger and assum that 's enough to sustain laugh ...
it simplic put an exclam point on the fact that this is n't someth to be taken serious , but it also wreck ani chanc of the movi rise abov similar fare .
by the final whistl you re convinc that this mean machin was a decent tv outing that just doe n't have big screen magic .
to say that this vapid vehicl is downright doltish and unev is just as obvious as tell a countri skunk that he has sever bodi odor .
a film of empti , fetishist violenc in which murder is casual and fun .
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoid eye contact and walk slowli away .
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
some fine act , but ultim a movi with no reason for be .
it 's difficult to feel anyth much while watch this movi , beyond mild disturb or detach pleasur at the act .
a waterlog version of ` fatal attract ' for the teeny-bopp set ... a sad , soggi potboil that wast the talent of it attract young lead .
it tell it stori in a flat manner and leav you with the impress that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
sweet gentl jesus , did the screenwrit just do a cut-and-past of everi bad action-movi line in histori ?
it 's not the worst comedi of the year , but it certain wo n't win ani honor .
this is for the most part a useless movi , even with a great director at the helm .
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and littl of the intrigu from the tv seri .
even on it own ludicr term , the sum of all fear generat littl narrat momentum , and invit unflatt comparison to other instal in the ryan seri .
though it inspir some -lrb- out-of-field -rrb- creativ thought , the film is -- to it own detriment -- much more a cinemat collag than a polem tract .
as predict as the outcom of a globetrotters-gener game , juwanna mann is even more ludicr than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genr , and a person low for everyon involv .
sink into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart joke , masturb joke , and racist japanes joke .
where tom green stage his gag as assault on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimoni , jackass lack aspir of social upheav .
more of an intrigu curios than a grip thriller .
the april 2002 instal of the american war for independ , complet with load of cgi and bushel of violenc , but not a drop of human blood .
contain all the substanc of a twinki -- easi to swallow , but scarc nourish .
return to neverland manag to straddl the line between anoth classic for the compani and just anoth run-of-the-mil disney sequel intend for the home video market .
rare doe a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
it 's a thin notion , repetit stretch out to featur length , awash in self-consci flashi camera effect , drone hous music and flat , flat dialogu .
on a certain base level , blue crush deliv what it promis , just not well enough to recommend it .
the color masseur wast it time on mood rather than ride with the inher absurd of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
... an incred heavy-hand , manipul dud that feel all too familiar .
wimp out by go for that pg-13 rate , so the more graphic violenc is most off-screen and the sexual is mute .
trap present a frighten and compel ` what if ? '
scenario that will give most parent paus ... then , someth terribl happen .
madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's appar noth left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .
never have seen the first two film in the seri , i ca n't compar friday after next to them , but noth would chang the fact that what we have here is a load of clam left in the broil sun for a good three day .
the stori is lack ani real emot impact , and the plot is both contriv and clich .
a deprav , incoher , instant dispos piec of hackeri .
it 's a bad action movi becaus there 's no root interest and the spectacl is grotesqu and bore .
-lrb- soderbergh -rrb- tend to place most of the psycholog and philosoph materi in ital rather than trust an audienc 's intellig , and he creat an overal sens of brusqu .
handsom and sincer but slight awkward in it combin of entertain and evangel booster .
so aggress cheeri that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
scooby-doo doe n't know if it want to be a retro-refit exercis in campi recal for older fan or a silli , nickelodeon-esqu kiddi flick .
russel lack the visual panach , the comic touch , and perhap the budget of sommer 's title-bout featur .
high uneven and inconsist ... margarita happi hour kinda resembl the el cheapo margarita serv within .
veri stupid and annoy .
the sum of all fear pretend to be a serious explor of nuclear terror , but it 's realli noth more than warmed-ov cold war paranoia .
a listless and desultori affair .
repres the depth to which the girls-behaving-bad film has fallen .
how inept is serv sara ?
it make even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugli .
jam-pack with liter bruis joke .
everi five minut or so , someon get clock .
win my vote for ` the 2002 enemi of cinema ' award .
ani chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduct to one of the greatest play of the last 100 year .
helmer hudlin tri to make a hip comedi , but his depend on slapstick defeat the possibl of creat a more dark edg tome .
lazi , miser and smug .
this is one of the biggest disappoint of the year .
formula 51 has dull your sens faster and deeper than ani recreat drug on the market .
everi visual joke is milk , everi set-up obvious and lengthi , everi punchlin predict .
there 's no energi .
appar writer-director attal thought he need onli cast himself and his movie-star wife sit around in their drawer to justifi a film .
after the setup , the air leak out of the movi , flatten it momentum with about an hour to go .
this is a poster movi , a mediocr tribut to film like them !
at three hour and with veri littl stori or charact develop , there is plenti of room for edit , and a much shorter cut sure would have result in a smoother , more focus narrat without sacrif ani of the cultur intrigu .
a bit too deriv to stand on it own as the psycholog thriller it purport to be .
a crude teen-ori variat on a theme that the playwright craig luca explor with infinit more grace and eloqu in his prelud to a kiss .
the film 's darker moment becom smooth over by an overwhelm need to tender inspir tide , especi in the last few cloy moment .
if you recogn zeus -lrb- the dog from snatch -rrb- it will make you wish you were at home watch that movi instead of in the theater watch this one .
this is the kind of movi that you onli need to watch for about thirti second befor you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movi . '
shanghai ghetto should be applaud for find a new angl on a tireless stori , but you might want to think twice befor book passag .
play like a checklist of everyth rob reiner and his cast were send up .
there 's too much forc drama in this wild uneven movi , about a young man 's battl with his inescap past and uncertain futur in a veri shapabl but larg unfulfil present .
it 's at onc laughabl and compuls watchabl , in it commit dumb .
all the sensual , all the erotic of a good vampir tale has been , pardon the pun , suck out and replac by goth goofi .
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movi strive to be more , but doe n't quit get there .
good perform keep it from be a total rehash .
the screenplay is huge overwritten , with ton and ton of dialogu -- most of it given to children .
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
at time , the movi look genuin pretti .
your nightmar , on the other hand , will be anyth but .
not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
elmo tout his drug as be 51 time stronger than coke .
if you re look for a tale of brit behav bad , watch snatch again .
it 's 51 time better than this .
it 's difficult to conceiv of anyon who has reach puberti actual find the charact in slacker or their antic amus , let alon funni .
despit it promis cast of charact , big troubl remain a loos tie seri of vignett which onli prove that ` zani ' doe n't necessarili mean ` funni . ' both shrill and soporif , and becaus everyth is repeat five or six time , it can seem tiresom simplemind .
doe not go far enough in it humor or stock idea to stand out as particular memor or even all that funni .
neither revelatori nor truli edgi -- mere crassli flamboy and comed labor .
just about everyon involv here seem to be coast .
there are a few modest laugh , but certain no thrill .
fail so fundament on everi convent level that it achiev some kind of goofi grandeur .
there 's a persist theatric sentiment and a woozi qualiti to the manner of the storytel , which undercut the devast tell impact of utter loss personifi in the film 's simpl titl .
while howard 's appreci of brown and his write is clear well-mean and sincer , the movi would be imposs to sit through were it not for the support cast .
a preposter , prurient whodunit .
go , girl , right down the realiti drain .
boast some of the most poor stage and lit action in memori , impostor is as close as you can get to an imit movi .
can be classifi as one of those ` altern realiti ' movi ... except that it would have work so much better deal in onli one realiti .
predict and cloy , though brown sugar is so earnest in it yearn for the day befor rap went nihilist that it summon more spirit and bite than your averag formula romant quadrangl .
... unlik , uninterest , unfunni , and complet , utter inept .
the film is so busi make refer to other film and tri to be other film that it fail to have a heart , mind or humor of it own .
an imponder stilt and self-consci arti movi .
muddl , melodramat paranorm romanc is an all-tim low for kevin costner .
too clumsi in key moment ... to make a big splash .
just a bunch of good actor flail around in a caper that 's neither origin nor terribl funni .
` matrix ' - style massacr erupt throughout ... but the movi has a tougher time balanc it violenc with kafka-inspir philosophi .
at least it 's a fair impress debut from the director , charl stone iii .
it all unfold predict , and the adventur that happen along the way seem repetit and design to fill time , provid no real sens of suspens .
wanker goth are on the loos !
run for your live !
whi would anyon cast the magnific jacki chan in a movi full of stunt doubl and special effect ?
a grate , emaci flick .
unambiti write emerg in the movi , use a plot that could have come from an animated-movi screenwrit textbook .
present a good case while fail to provid a reason for us to care beyond the veri basic dictum of human decenc .
we have poignanc jostl against farc , thought dialogu elbow asid by one-lin , and a visual style that incorpor rotoscop anim for no appar reason except , mayb , that it look neat .
accord to the script , grant and bullock 's charact are made for each other .
but you 'd never guess that from the perform .
the anim mere serv up a predict , maudlin stori that swipe heavili from bambi and the lion king , yet lack the emot reson of either of those movi .
ararat feel like a book report
steve oedekerk is , ala , no woodi allen .
a lot like the imaginari sport it project onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
an amalgam of the fugit , blade runner , and total recal , onli without much energi or tension .
the act is amateurish , the cinematographi is atroci , the direct is clumsi , the write is insipid and the violenc is at onc lurid graphic and laughabl unconvinc .
show that jacki chan is get older , and that 's someth i would rather live in denial about
with miscast lead , banal dialogu and an absurd overblown climax , kill me soft belong firm in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .
ala , the black-and-whit archiv footag of their act showcas pretti mediocr shtick .
the slapstick is labor , and the bigger setpiec flat .
this is the kind of movi where peopl who have never pick a lock do so easili after a few tri and becom expert fighter after a few week .
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offens , but that it 's bore .
much of the digit alter footag appear jag , as if film direct from a televis monitor , while the extens use of stock footag quick becom a tiresom clich .
the film never rise abov a convent , two dimens tale
mark wahlberg ... may look classi in a 60s - homag pokepi hat , but as a charact he 's dri , dri , dri .
told in scatter fashion , the movi onli intermitt live up to the stori and face and music of the men who are it subject .
the ironi is that this film 's cast is uniform superb their perform could have -- should have -- been allow to stand on their own .
now i can see whi peopl thought i was too hard on `` the mothman propheci '' .
if ever a concept came hand down from the movi god on a silver platter , this is it .
if ever such a depend concept was botch in execut , this is it .
with an unusu protagonist -lrb- a kilt-wear jackson -rrb- and subject matter , the improb `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertain , but it could have been much stronger .
sandra bullock 's best dramat perform to date -lrb- is -rrb- almost enough to lift -lrb- this -rrb- thrill-kil cat-and-mous ... abov it paint-by-numb plot .
a feel-good movi that doe n't give you enough to feel good about .
adolesc will be adequ serv by the movi 's sophomor blend of shenanigan and slapstick , although the more lascivious-mind might be disappoint in the relat modesti of a movi that sport a ` topless tutori servic . '
this mistaken-ident pictur is so film-cultur referenti that the final product is a ghost .
the pictur emerg as a surpris anem disappoint .
de niro cri .
you ll cri for your money back .
slap me , i saw this movi .
-lrb- the kid 's -rrb- just too bratti for sympathi , and as the film grow to it final , his littl chang ring hollow .
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgust .
quell surpris !
scherfig , who has had a success career in tv , tackl more than she can handl .
just consid what new best friend doe not have , begin with the minor omiss of a screenplay .
oscar calib cast doe n't live up to materi
the problem of the peopl in love in the time of money are hard specif to their era .
they just have problem , which are neither origin nor are present in convinc way .
carri this wafer-thin movi on his nimbl shoulder , chan wade through putrid write , direct and time with a smile that say , ` if i stay posit , mayb i can channel one of my greatest pictur , drunken master . '
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be use to burn everi print of the film .
in the end , the movi bog down in insignific , say noth about kennedi 's assassin and reveal noth about the patholog it pretend to investig .
start out ballsi and stylish but fail to keep it up and settl into clich .
sometim make less sens than the bruckheimeresqu american action flick it emul .
one of those film where the charact inhabit that special annex of hell where adult behav like kid , children behav like adult and everyon scream at the top of their lung no matter what the situat .
there 's onli one way to kill michael myer for good : stop buy ticket to these movi .
` rare bird ' tri to forc it quirki upon the audienc .
the movi is about as humor as watch your favorit pet get buri aliv .
resid evil is what come from take john carpent 's ghost of mar and elimin the behead .
in other word , about as bad a film you re like to see all year .
five screenwrit are credit with the cliche-laden screenplay it seem as if each water down the version of the one befor .
the whole thing come off like a particular amateurish episod of bewitch that take place dure spring break .
well made but uninvolv , bloodwork is n't a terribl movi , just a stultifi obvious one -- an unreward collar for a murder mysteri .
so we got ten littl indian meet friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , film on the set of carpent 's the thing and load with actor you re most like to find on the next inevit incarn of the love boat .
the movi 's blatant deriv is one reason it 's so lacklust .
kid do n't mind crappi movi as much as adult , provid there 's lot of cute anim and clumsi peopl .
` snow dog ' has both .
it 's almost as if it 's an elabor dare more than a full-blood film .
wobbl senegales updat of `` carmen '' which is best for the stun star turn by djeinaba diop gai
it 's the human stuff that will probabl sink the film for anyon who doe n't think about percentag all day long .
ken russel would love this .
in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooligan , a double-barrel rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climact shootout -- and meat loaf explod .
bella is the pictur of health with boundless energi until a few day befor she die .
this is absolut and complet ridicul and an insult to everi famili whose mother has suffer through the horribl pain of a death by cancer .
the premis of `` abandon '' hold promis , ... but it deliveri is a complet mess .
what could have been a point littl chiller about the frighten seduct of new technolog lose faith in it own viabil and succumb to joyless special-effect excess .
a littl too ponder to work as shallow entertain , not remot incis enough to qualifi as drama , monsoon wed serv most to whet one 's appetit for the bollywood film .
unless bob crane is someon of particular interest to you , this film 's impress perform and adept direct are n't like to leav a last impress .
the rock has a great presenc but one battl after anoth is not the same as one battl follow by killer cgi effect .
the bottom line with nemesi is the same as it has been with all the film in the seri : fan will undoubt enjoy it , and the uncommit need n't wast their time on it .
the lousi john q all but spit out denzel washington 's fine perform in the titl role .
the whole thing feel like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the pictur is construct around a core of flimsi -- or , wors yet , nonexist -- idea .
what a stifl unfunni and unorigin mess this is !
the film is so pack with subplot involv the various silberstein that it feel more like the pilot episod of a tv seri than a featur film .
opera on film is never satisfactori .
the art demand live view .
the innat theatric that provid it thrill and extrem emot lose their luster when flatten onscreen .
despit all the closed-door hanky-panki , the film is essenti juiceless .
it is parochi , access to a chosen few , standoffish to everyon els , and smug suggest a superior moral tone is more import than filmmak skill
the sweetest thing leav an aw sour tast .
it 's lost the polit and the social observ and becom just anoth situat romanc about a coupl of sap stuck in an inarticul screenplay .
termin bland , pain slow and needless confus ... the movi , shot on digit videotap rather than film , is frequent indecipher .
as dumb and cheesi as they may be , the cartoon look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watch this digital-effects-heavi , suppos family-friend comedi .
aloof and lack ani real raw emot , which is fatal for a film that reli on person relationship .
a low-rent retread of the alien pictur .
servic at best , slight less than servic at worst .
it initi excit settl into a warm over pastich .
a big meal of clich that the talent cast general choke on .
the stori has littl wit and no surpris .
the merchant-ivori team continu to systemat destroy everyth we hold dear about cinema , onli now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damag .
what should have been a cut hollywood satir is instead about as fresh as last week 's issu of varieti .
hey everybodi , wanna watch a movi in which a guy dress as a children 's parti clown get violent gang-rap ?
i did n't think so .
a littl more intens and a littl less charm would have save this film a world of hurt .
-lrb- t -rrb- his slop doe n't even have potenti as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insult at the screen .
the movi 's plot is almost entir witless and inan , carri everi gag two or three time beyond it limit to sustain a laugh .
... may work as an addict guilti pleasur but the materi never overcom it question satir ambival .
this scarlet 's letter is a. . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrari .
play like a glossi melodrama that occasion verg on camp .
the central charact is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
a modest comic , modest action-ori world war ii adventur that , in term of authent , is one of those film that requir the enemi to never shoot straight .
a puppi dog so desper for attent it near break it littl neck tri to perform entertain trick .
just about all of the film is confus on one level or anoth , make ararat far more demand than it need to be .
a littl less extrem than in the past , with longer exposit sequenc between them , and with fewer gag to break the tedium .
there 's a heavi stench of ` been there , done that ' hang over the film .
it 's everyth you 'd expect -- but noth more .
the biggest problem with satin roug is lilia herself .
she 's a cipher , play by an actress who smile and frown but doe n't reveal an inner life .
a quaint , romantic render .
what with the incess loung music play in the film 's background , you may mistak love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song .
the movi 's heavy-hand screenplay navig a fast fade into pompos and pretenti .
a potenti good comic premis and excel cast are terribl wast .
woodi allen use to ridicul movi like hollywood end .
now he make them .
she 's not yet an actress , not quit a singer ...
not a bad premis , but the execut is lacklust at best .
been there done that .
there is onli so much bake cardboard i need to chew .
a movi like the guy is whi film critic can be consid work .
schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bit and well-drawn , if standard issu , charact , but is still onli part satisfi .
even if it made it origin releas date last fall , it would ve reek of a been-ther , done-that same .
onli two-fifth of a satisfi movi experi .
a loud , ugli , irrit movi without ani of it satir salvo hit a discern target .
a movi version of a paint-by-numb pictur .
we can tell what it is suppos to be , but ca n't realli call it a work of art .
it 's a brilliant , honest perform by nicholson , but the film is an agon bore except when the fantast kathi bate turn up .
bravado kathi !
... liotta is put in an imposs spot becaus his charact 's decept ultim undo him and the believ of the entir scenario .
too bad .
you can thank me for this .
i saw juwanna mann so you do n't have to .
unfunni and lack ani sens of commit to or affect for it charact , the reginald hudlin comedi reli on toilet humor , ethnic slur .
basic , it 's pretti but dumb .
this romantic\/comedi ask the question how much souvlaki can you take befor indigest set in .
squander his opportun to make absurdist observ , burn get caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfar .
there 's a neat twist , subt render , that could have wrap thing up at 80 minut , but kang tack on three or four more end .
reeboir vari between a sweet smile and an angri bark , while said attempt to wear down possibl pupil through repetit .
it has no affect on the kurd , but it wore me down .
the actor improvis and scream their way around this movi directionless , lack ani of the rollick dark humor so necessari to make this kind of idea work on screen .
co-writer\/director jonathan parker 's attempt to fashion a brazil-lik , hyper-r satir fall dread short .
if this silli littl cartoon can inspir a few kid not to grow up to be greedi bastard , more power to it .
a superflu sequel ... plagu by that old familiar feel of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyon has shown up at the appoint time and place , but visibl enthusiasm is mighti hard to find .
if there 's a heaven for bad movi , deuc wild is on it way .
come off like a bad imit of the bard .
what 's miss in murder by number is ani real psycholog ground for the teen ' deviant behaviour .
be latent gay and like to read are hard enough .
an uninspir preachi and clich war film .
horrend amateurish filmmak that is plain dull and visual ugli when it is n't incomprehens .
a movi that harp on media-construct ` issu ' like whether compromis is the death of self ... this orgasm -lrb- wo n't be an -rrb- exceed memor one for most peopl .
slacker ' jokey approach to colleg educ is disappoint simplist -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgett stupid stunt or uproari rude line of dialogu to rememb it by .
if festiv in cann nail hard - boil hollywood argot with a brace nasti accuraci , much about the film , includ some of it cast , is frustrat unconvinc .
the movi is too impress with it own solemn insight to work up much entertain valu .
i have n't seen such self-amus trash sinc freddi got finger .
littl more than a well-mount histori lesson .
rob schneider 's infantil cross-dress routin fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimagin comedian .
a horribl , 99-minut stink bomb .
the film is weigh down by support charact who are either too good , wise and know or downright comic evil .
the film is so bad it doe n't improv upon the experi of stare at a blank screen .
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
it jump around with littl logic or continu , present backstag byte of inform that never amount to a satisfi complet pictur of this particular , ancient demand metier .
how i kill my father is one of those art hous film that make you feel like you re watch an iceberg melt -- onli it never melt .
when it come to the battl of hollywood vs. woo , it look like woo 's a p.o.w.
there are a few chuckl , but not a singl gag sequenc that realli score , and the star seem to be in two differ movi .
the chateau has one veri funni joke and a few other decent one , but all it amount to is a mild funni , sometim tedious , ultim insignific film .
it 's dull , spiritless , silli and monoton : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , go nowher fast .
the mushi final turn john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerk .
content mere to lioniz it titl charact and exploit his anger - all for easi sanctimoni , formula thrill and a ham-fist sermon on the need for nation health insur .
the movi turn out to be -lrb- assaya ' -rrb- homag to the gallic ` tradit of qualiti , ' in all it fusti squar .
it messag has merit and , in the hand of a brutal honest individu like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regard life .
-lrb- seem -rrb- even more useless redund and shameless money-grub than most third-rat horror sequel .
it 's hard to imagin that even veri small children will be impress by this tire retread .
neither as scary-funni as tremor nor demented-funni as starship trooper , the movi is n't tough to take as long as you ve paid a matine price .
if swimfan doe catch on , it may be becaus teen are look for someth to make them laugh .
what might ve been an exhilar explor of an odd love triangl becom a sprawl of uncoordin vector .
the master of disguis may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movi it is not .
it 's quit an achiev to set and shoot a movi at the cann film festiv and yet fail to captur it visual appeal or it atmospher .
boll use a lot of quick cut and blurri step-print to goos thing up , but dopey dialogu and sometim inadequ perform kill the effect .
it 's alway disappoint when a documentari fail to live up to -- or offer ani new insight into -- it chosen topic .
unfortun , that 's precis what arthur dong 's famili fundament doe .
has the mark of a septuagenarian it 's a crusti treatment of a clever gimmick .
like a medium-grad network sitcom -- most inoffens , fit amus , but ultim so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
someth must have been lost in the translat .
becom the last thing you would expect from a film with this titl or inde from ani plympton film : bore .
in the end , the film feel homogen and a bit contriv , as if we re look back at a tatter and ugli past with rose-tint glass .
chan 's stunt are limit and so embellish by edit that there 's realli not much of a sens of action or even action-comedi .
rock 's stand-up magic wane .
hopkin , squar fill the screen .
action - mechan .
`` the tuxedo '' should have been the vehicl for chan that `` the mask '' was for jim carrey .
ala , it 's the man that make the cloth .
for casual moviego who stumbl into rule expect a slice of american pie hijink star the kid from dawson 's creek , they ll probabl run out scream .
the biggest problem i have -lrb- other than the veri sluggish pace -rrb- is we never realli see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is suppos to be grow .
what puzzl me is the lack of emphasi on music in britney spear ' first movi .
plot , charact , drama , emot , idea -- all are irrelev to the experi of see the scorpion king .
citi by the sea is a gritti polic thriller with all the dysfunct famili dynam one could wish for .
but how it wash out despit all of that is the project 's prime mysteri .
whatev the movi 's sentiment , hypocrit lesson about sexism , it true color come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scene .
as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mysteri , murder by number fit the profil too close .
there ai n't a lot more pain than an unfunni movi that think it 's hilari .
i enjoy the movi in a superfici way , while never sure what it purpos was .
what a piti ... that the materi is so second-r .
doe n't deliv a great stori , nor is the action as grip as in past seagal film .
the kind of film that leav you scratch your head in amaz over the fact that so mani talent peopl could particip in such an ill-advis and poor execut idea .
nick refus to let slacker be seen as just anoth teen movi , which mean he can be forgiven for frequent pander to fan of the gross-out comedi .
noth about the film -- with the possibl except of elizabeth hurley 's breast -- is authent .
amid the clich and foreshadow , cage manag a degre of casual realism ... that is routin dynamit by blethyn .
most , shafer and co-writ gregori hinton lack a strong-mind viewpoint , or a sens of humor .
no clich escap the perfervid treatment of gang warfar call ces wild .
eddi murphi and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spi , but the movi around them is so often near noth that their charm doe n't do a load of good .
strict a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sens of the express .
there 's some good materi in their stori about a retail clerk want more out of life , but the movi too often spin it wheel with familiar situat and repetit scene .
it 's a lot to ask peopl to sit still for two hour and chang watch such a charact , especi when render in as flat and impass a manner as phoenix 's .
there 's someth fishi about a season holiday kid ' movi ... that deriv it moment of most convinc emot graviti from a scene where santa give gift to grownup .
we re left with a stori that tri to grab us , onli to keep let go at all the wrong moment .
like mani such biograph melodrama , it suffer from the awkward that result from adher to the messi of true stori .
there is noth redeem about this movi .
the film has -lrb- it -rrb- moment , but they are few and far between .
i was tri to decid what annoy me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realiz that i just did n't care .
derail by bad write and possibl also by some of that extens post-product rework to aim the film at young male in the throe of their first full flush of testosteron .
deserv high mark for polit courag but bare get by on it artist merit .
... come aliv onli when it switch gear to the sentiment .
brosnan 's finest non-bondish perform yet fail to overcom the film 's manipul sentiment and annoy stereotyp .
a film that will be best appreci by those will to endur it extrem languor rhythm , wait for happi is ultim thought without have much dramat impact .
to me , it sound like a cruel decept carri out by men of margin intellig , with reactionari idea about women and a total lack of empathi .
tsai may be plough the same furrow onc too often .
flashi gadget and whirl fight sequenc may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flaw support structur hold equilibrium up .
zigzag might have been richer and more observ if it were less dens plot .
how can such a cold movi claim to express warmth and long ?
in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -lrb- but none of the sheer lust -rrb- .
nick and steinberg match their own creation for pure venal -- that 's give it the old colleg tri .
episod ii -- attack of the clone is a technolog exercis that lack juic and delight .
the problem with all of this : it 's not realli funni .
-lrb- deni ' -rrb- bare-bon narrat more close resembl an outlin for a 70s exploit pictur than the finish product .
wander all over the map themat and stylist , and borrow heavili from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while fail to find a spark of it own .
view this underdramat but overst film is like watch a transcript of a therapi session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet .
overal tomfooleri like this is a matter of tast .
the mantra behind the project seem to have been ` it 's just a kid ' flick . ' translat : ` we do n't need to tri veri hard . '
in all the annal of the movi , few film have been this odd , inexplic and unpleas .
it take a realli long , slow and dreari time to dope out what tuck everlast is about .
so here it is : it 's about a famili of sour immort .
an essenti awkward version of the lightweight femal empower pictur we ve been watch for decad
the author 's devote will probabl find it fascin other may find it baffl .
writer-director walter hill and co-writ david giler tri to creat charact out of the obvious clich , but wind up use them as punch bag .
there 's a scientif law to be discern here that produc would be well to heed : mediocr movi start to drag as soon as the action speed up when the explos start , they fall to piec .
a cockey shot all the way .
lush and beauti photograph -lrb- somebodi suggest the still might make a nice coffe tabl book -rrb- , but ultim you ll leav the theater wonder whi these peopl matter .
unfortun , one hour photo live down to it titl .
thank larg to william , all the interest develop are process in 60 minut -- the rest is just an overexpos wast of film .
cold , steril and lack ani color or warmth .
the film is undon by anachronist quick edit and occasion jar glimps of a modern theater audienc watch the event unfold .
seem like someon go through the motion .
for a film about explos and death and spi , `` ballist : eck vs. sever '' seem as safe as a children 's film .
well , in some of those , the mother deer even die .
wallac get a bit heavi hand with his messag at time , and has a visual flair that wax poetic far too much for our tast .
impostor doe n't do much with it templat , despit a remark strong cast .
wrap itself in the guis of a dark and quirki comedi , but it is n't as quirki as it think it is and it comedi is general mean-spirit .
choppi , overlong documentari about ` the lifestyl . '
one slough one 's way through the mire of this alleg psycholog thriller in search of purpos or even a plot .
a film which press familiar herzog trope into the servic of a limpid and convent histor fiction , when realli what we demand of the director is to be mesmeris .
it 's a fanboy ` what if ? '
brought to life on the big screen .
the stori itself is actual quit vapid .
it 's a hellish , numb experi to watch , and it doe n't offer ani insight that have n't been thorough debat in the media alreadi , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - 90s .
wait for pay per view or rental but do n't dismiss barbershop out of hand .
a few zinger asid , the write is indiffer , and jordan bradi 's direct is prosaic .
each scene drag , underscor the obvious , and sentiment is slather on top .
would ve been nice if the screenwrit had trust audienc to understand a complex stori , and left off the film 's predict denouement .
then nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .
one of those stagger well-produc , joyless extravag pictur that keep whoosh you from one visual marvel to the next , hastili , emptili .
nair just doe n't have the necessari self-control to guid a loos , poor structur film through the pitfal of incoher and redund .
enthusiast take up the current teen movi concern with bodili function , walt becker 's film push all the demograph appropri comic button .
it 's the funniest american comedi sinc graffiti bridg .
that neither protagonist has a distinguish condit hard matter becaus both are just actori concoct , defin by childlik dim and a hand of quirk .
what start off as a possibl argentin american beauti reek like a room stack with pungent flower .
the project 's filmmak forgot to includ anyth even halfway scari as they poor rejigg fatal attract into a high school set .
in old-fashion screenwrit parlanc , ms. shreve 's novel prove too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despit the effort of a first-rat cast .
solondz may well be the onli one laugh at his own joke
stitch is a bad manner , ugli and destruct littl \*\*\*\* .
no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugli the problem is he has no charact , loveabl or otherwis .
deep down , i realiz the harsh realiti of my situat : i would leav the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had enter .
a realli funni fifteen-minut short stretch beyond it limit to fill an almost feature-length film .
asid from the fact that the film idiot use the websit feardotcom.com or the improp hammi perform from poor stephen rea , the film get ad disdain for the fact that it is near imposs to look at or understand .
it is bad , but certain not without merit as entertain .
for it 100 minut run time , you ll wait in vain for a movi to happen .
a work that lack both a purpos and a strong puls .
a faster pace famili flick .
upper teen may get cynic .
smaller number kidlet will enjoy .
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong support player , the tale -- like it central figur , vivi -- is just a littl bit hard to love .
it 's a road-trip drama with too mani wrong turn .
most fish stori are a littl peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
it 's all gratuit befor long , as if schwentk were fulfil a gross-out quota for an anticip audienc demograph instead of shape the materi to fit the stori .
`` i blame all men for war , '' -lrb- the warden 's daughter -rrb- tell her father .
the movi is about as deep as that sentiment .
it 's fit funni but never realli take off .
i ve seen some bad singer-turn actor , but lil bow wow take the cake .
by halfway through this pictur i was begin to hate it , and , of cours , feel guilti for it ... then , miracl of miracl , the movi doe a flip-flop .
for all the complic , it 's all surpris predict .
it 's been 20 year sinc 48 hrs .
made eddi murphi a movi star and the man has n't age a day .
but his showboat wise-crack stock persona sure is get old .
if deuc wild had been tweak up a notch it would have becom a camp adventur , one of those movi that 's so bad it start to becom good .
but it was n't .
for a film about action , ultim x is the gabbiest giant-screen movi ever , bog down in a barrag of hype .
... a low rate anni featur some kid who ca n't act , onli echo of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screw thing up old school .
it might not be 1970s anim , but everyth els about it is straight from the saturday morn cartoon -- a retread stori , bad write , and the same old silli .
the pictur seem uncertain whether it want to be an acid all-mal all about eve or a lush , swoon melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
a near 21\/2 hour , the film is way too indulg .
gorgeous to look at but insuffer tedious and turgid ... a curious constrict epic .
it look much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpson ever has .
with a tighter editori process and firmer direct this materi could work , especi sinc the actress in the lead role are all more than compet , but as is , person veloc seem to be idl in neutral .
doe n't realli add up to much .
it 's better suit for the histori or biographi channel , but there 's no argu the tone of the movi - it leav a bad tast in your mouth and question on your mind .
an entertain so in love with it overinfl mytholog that it no longer recogn the need of moviego for real charact and compel plot .
a prolong extrus of psychopath pulp .
borrow from other movi like it in the most ordinari and obvious fashion .
it 's surpris bland despit the heavi dose of weird perform and direct .
a chilli , remot , emot distant piec ... so dull that it taglin should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . '
the charact seem one-dimension , and the film is superfici and will probabl be of interest primarili to it target audienc .
sorvino make the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film onli realli come aliv when poor hermocr and leontin pathet compar note about their bud amour .
it 's like a drive-bi .
you can drive right by it without notic anyth special , save for a few comic turn , intend and otherwis .
everyth -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentiment .
this would-b ` jame bond for the extrem generat ' pic is one big , dumb action movi .
stress ` dumb . '
the movi has generic virtu , and despit a lot of involv talent , seem done by the number .
when your subject is illus versus realiti , should n't the realiti seem at least passabl real ?
it 's a terribl movi in everi regard , and utter pain to watch .
this is rote spooki , with nari an origin idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anyth , realli -rrb- in sight , and the whole of the proceed beg the question ` whi ? '
a fan film that for the uniniti play better on video with the sound turn down .
too infuri quirki and taken with it own style .
there 's a whole heap of noth at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
as much as i laugh throughout the movi , i can not mount a cogent defens of the film as entertain , or even perform art , although the movi doe leav you marvel at these guy ' superhuman capac to withstand pain .
the type of dumbed-down exercis in stereotyp that give the -lrb- teen comedi -rrb- genr a bad name .
distinct sub-par ... more like to drown a viewer in boredom than to send ani shiver down his spine .
play like a bad blend of an overrip episod of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycl and dumbed-down version of love stori .
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you re go to feel like you were n't invit to the parti .
when the cast call for this movi went out , it must have read ` seek anyon with act ambit but no sens of pride or shame . '
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
a `` home alon '' film that is stage like `` rosemari 's babi , '' but is not as well-conceiv as either of those film .
-lrb- siegel -rrb- and co-writ lisa bazadona and grace woodard have reli too much on convent in creat the charact who surround franki .
no film could possibl be more contemptu of the singl femal popul .
` hey arnold ! '
has some visual wit ... but littl imagin elsewher .
they re go through the motion , but the zip is gone .
a sluggish pace and lack of genuin narrat hem the movi in everi bit as much as life hem in the spirit of these young women .
a low-budget affair , tadpol was shot on digit video , and the imag often look smeari and blurri , to the point of distract .
then again , in a better movi , you might not have notic .
it 's mindless junk like this that make you appreci origin romant comedi like punch-drunk love .
the movi is like a year late for tap into our realiti tv obsess , and even tardier for exploit the novelti of the `` webcast . ''
tale will be all too familiar for anyon who 's seen georg roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . ''
get the look and the period trap right , but it otherwis drown in a sea of visual and verbal clich .
it 's hard to quibbl with a flick boast this mani genuin cackl , but notori c.h.o. still feel like a promis work-in-progress .
anyon who want to start write screenplay can just follow the same blueprint from hundr of other film , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyon truli know your ident .
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentiment .
a late-night cabl sexploit romp masquerad as a thriller about the ruthless social order that govern colleg cliqu .
fall short in explain the music and it root .
never inspir more than an interest detach .
what might have emerg as hilari lunaci in the hand of woodi allen or mel brook -lrb- at least dure their 70s heyday -rrb- come across as lame and sophomor in this debut indi featur .
despit slick product valu and director roger michel 's tick-tock pace , the final effect is like have two guy yell in your face for two hour .
pretti much suck , but has a funni moment or two .
they do a good job of paint this famili dynam for the audienc but they tri to squeez too mani element into the film .
a supernatur mysteri that doe n't know whether it want to be a suspens horror movi or a weepi melodrama .
it end up be neither , and fail at both endeavor .
two bad interlock stori drown by all too clever complex .
it is so earnest , so overwrought and so wild implaus that it beg to be parodi .
these are textbook live of quiet desper .
swimfan , like fatal attract , eventu goe overboard with a looni melodramat denouement in which a high school swim pool substitut for a bathtub .
claim to sort the bad guy from the good , which is it essenti problem .
purpos shock in it erotic gore , if unintent dull in it lack of poetic frisson .
feel like piec a bunch of other , better movi slap togeth .
almost everyth about the film is unsettl , from the preposter hairpiec worn by lai 's villain father to the endless action sequenc .
writer-director randal wallac has bitten off more than he or anyon els could chew , and his movi veer like a drunken driver through heavi traffic .
it follow the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we re told someth creepi and vagu is in the work , and then it goe awri in the final 30 minut .
one ca n't shake the feel that crossroad is noth more than an hour-and-a-half-long commerci for britney 's latest album .
phoned-in busi as usual .
there 's an epic here , but you have to put it togeth yourself .
what littl atmospher is generat by the shadowi light , macabr set , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugli of everyth els .
director-chef gabriel muccino keep it fast -- zippi , comin ' at ya -- as if fear that his film is molto superficial .
tartakovski 's team has some freakish power of visual charm , but the five writer slip into the modern rut of narrat banal .
the most horrif movi experi i ve had sinc `` ca n't stop the music . ''
it may as well be call `` jar-jar bink : the movi . ''
it 's that pain .
god is great , the movi 's not .
like a three-r circus , there are side stori aplenti -- none of them memor .
when in doubt , the film ratchet up the stir soundtrack , throw in a fish-out-of-wat gag and let the clich dialogu rip .
or els a doggi wink .
a ` girl gone wild ' video for the boho art-hous crowd , the burn sensat is n't a definit counter-cultur document -- it maker are n't remov and inquisit enough for that .
as origin and insight as last week 's episod of behind the music .
play like john le carr with a coupl of burnt-out cylind .
you may be gall that you ve wast near two hour of your own precious life with this silli littl puddl of a movi .
it 's neither as sappi as big daddi nor as anarch as happi gilmor or the waterboy , but it has it moment .
despit the surfac attract -- conrad l. hall 's cinematographi will like be nomin for an oscar next year -- there 's someth impress and yet lack about everyth .
a smug and convolut action-comedi that doe n't allow an earnest moment to pass without remind audienc that it 's onli a movi .
-lrb- crystal and de niro -rrb- manag to squeez out some good laugh but not enough to make this silli con job sing .
worthless , from it pseudo-rock-video open to the idioci of it last frame .
the christ allegori doe n't work becaus there is no foundat for it
go for la sall 's perform , and make do as best you can with a stutter script .
it 's hard to care about a film that propos as epic tragedi the plight of a callow rich boy who is forc to choos between his beauti , self-satisfi 22-year-old girlfriend and an equal beauti , self-satisfi 18-year-old mistress .
tri too hard to be funni in a way that 's too loud , too goofi and too short of an attent span .
i did n't find much fascin in the swing .
what they re do is a matter of plumb arrang and mind game , of no erot or sensuous charg .
but that they are do it is thought-provok .
the act is just fine , but there 's not enough substanc here to sustain interest for the full 90 minut , especi with the weak payoff .
after collater damag , you might imagin that most everi aggriev father clich has been unturn .
but no. .
ultim the , yes , snail-lik pace and lack of themat reson make the film more silli than scari , like some sort of martha stewart decor program run amok .
releas a film with the word ` dog ' in it titl in januari lend itself to easi joke and insult , and snow dog deserv everi singl one of them .
tedious norwegian offer which somehow snag an oscar nomin .
it was a dark and stormi night ...
a dark-as-pitch comedi that frequent veer into corni sentiment , probabl would not improv much after a therapeut zap of shock treatment .
this sort of cute and cloy materi is far from zhang 's fort and it show .
bray is complet at sea with noth but a savag garden music video on his resum , he has no clue about make a movi .
freundlich 's made -lrb- crudup -rrb- a suburban architect , and a cipher .
a huge disappoint come , as it doe , from filmmak and perform of this calibr
though it pretend to expos the life of male hustler , it 's exploit without be insight .
aim squar at the least demand of demograph group : veri small children who will be delight simpli to spend more time with familiar cartoon charact .
what start off as a satisfi kid flck becom increas implaus as it race through contriv plot point .
exhibit the shallow sensate characterist of soap opera ... more salaci telenovela than serious drama .
seagal is pain foolish in tri to hold onto what 's left of his pass ' chopsocki glori .
even with harri 's strong effort , the script give him littl to effect probe lear 's soul-strip breakdown .
the stori is bogus and it charact tissue-thin .
wherea the extrem compet hitman film such as pulp fiction and get shorti reson a sardon verv to their caustic purpos for exist , who is cleti tout ?
is an inexpress and drab wannab look for that exact nich .
while american adobo has it heart -lrb- and it palat -rrb- in the right place , it brain is a littl scatter -- ditsi , even .
imagin a film that begin as a seven rip-off , onli to switch to a mix of the shine , the thing , and ani nake teenag horror flick from the 1980s .
most of the dialogu made me want to pack raw dough in my ear .
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fit as shadyac 's perfunctori direct chop , and some of the more overt silli dialogu would sink laurenc olivi .
it 's coher , well shot , and tart act , but it wear you down like a dinner guest show off his doctor .
direct by kevin bray , whose crisp frame , edgi camera work , and wholesal ineptitud with act , tone and pace veri obvious mark him as a video helmer make his featur debut .
turn a potenti interest idea into an excruci film school experi that play better onli for the film 's publicist or for peopl who take as mani drug as the film 's charact
robin william depart from his fun friend demeanor in exchang for a darker unnerv role .
high crime is a cinemat misdemeanor , a routin crime thriller remark onli for it lack of logic and misus of two fine actor , morgan freeman and ashley judd .
set in a 1986 harlem that doe n't look much like anywher in new york .
the chocol factori without charli .
long on twinkly-ey close-up and short on shame .
hip-hop rare come aliv as it own fire-breath entiti in this pictur .
a dull , somnambul exercis in pretens whose pervas quiet is broken by frequent outburst of violenc and nois .
deserv of it critic backlash and more .
neither a rous success nor a blind embarrass .
still , it just sit there like a side dish no one order .
the sum of all fear is remark fuddl about motiv and context , which drain it of the dramat substanc that would shake us in our boot -lrb- or cinema seat -rrb- .
the movi spend more time with schneider than with newcom mcadam , even though her perform is more interest -lrb- and funnier -rrb- than his .
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelli brother ' oeuvr get way too mushi -- and in a relat short amount of time .
it recycl everi clich about gay in what is essenti an extend soap opera .
i 'm all for the mental challeng get their fair shot in the movi busi , but sure it doe n't have to be as a collect of keen and self-mutil sideshow geek .
may offend viewer not amus by the sick sens of humor .
mani of benjamin ' element feel like they ve been patch in from an episod of miami vice .
it aimless and unsuccess attempt to fuse at least three dull plot into one good one .
most folk with a real stake in the american sexual landscap will find it either moder amus or just plain irrelev .
if you re not fan of the adventu of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dread king brown snake .
person , i 'd rather watch them on the anim planet .
cherish is a dud -- a romant comedi that 's not the least bit romant and onli mild funni .
feel as if the inmat have actual taken over the asylum .
all of the filmmak ' calcul ca n't rescu brown sugar from the curs of bland .
the movi 's gloomi atmospher is fascin , though , even if the movi itself doe n't stand a ghost of a chanc .
... post-septemb 11 , `` the sum of all fear '' seem more tacki and reprehens , manipul our collect fear without bestow the subject with the intellig or sincer it unequivoc deserv .
the exclam point seem to be the onli bit of glee you ll find in this dreari mess .
no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandi newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinemat icon with chemistri galor .
godard 's ode to tackl life 's wonder is a rambl and incoher manifesto about the vagu of topic excess ... in prais of love remain a ponder and pretenti endeavor that 's unfocus and tedious exasper .
humorless , self-consci art drivel , made without a glimmer of intellig or invent .
the movi 's progress into rambl incoher give new mean to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
solondz may be convinc that he has someth signific to say , but he is n't talk a talk that appeal to me .
more tire than anyth .
nelson 's intent are good , but the end result doe no justic to the stori itself .
it 's horribl depress and not veri well done .
... the effort of it star , kline , to lend some digniti to a dumb stori are for naught .
a good-natur ensembl comedi that tri hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quit get off the ground .
is n't it a bit earli in his career for director barri sonnenfeld to do a homag to himself ?
and it 's a lousi one at that .
over long and worship bio-doc .
i ll go out on a limb .
it is n't quit one of the worst movi of the year .
it 's just mere veri bad .
writer-director ritchi reduc wertmul 's social more and polit to tiresom jargon .
about ami 's cute , ami 's career success -lrb- she 's a best-sel writer of self-help book who ca n't help herself -rrb- , and ami 's neuros when it come to men .
everyth about girl ca n't swim , even it passag of sensit observ , feel secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
feel aimless for much of it run time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arriv , leav question in it wake .
in my own veri humbl opinion , in prais of love lack even the most fragment charm i have found in almost all of his previous work .
the script is too mainstream and the psycholog too textbook to intrigu .
muddl , simplist and more than a littl pretenti .
meander and glacial pace , and often just plain dull .
a disast of a drama , save onli by it wing assail .
a road trip that will get you think , ` are we there yet ? '
director eli chouraqui , who co-wrot the script , catch the chaotic horror of war , but whi bother if you re go to subjug truth to the tear-jerk demand of soap opera ?
dong never push for insight beyond the superfici tension of the dynam he 's dissect , and the film settl too easili along the contour of expect .
if there was ani doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an origin bone in his bodi , a rumor of angel should dispel it .
an occasion interest but most repetit look at a slice of countercultur that might be best forgotten .
what could have been right at home as a nifti plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fail to arriv at ani satisfi destin .
the movi is like scorses 's mean street redon by someon who ignor it in favor of old ` juvenil delinqu ' paperback with titl like leather warrior and switchblad sexpot .
this pathet junk is bare an hour long .
nevertheless , it still seem endless .
it is n't that steal harvard is a horribl movi -- if onli it were that grand a failur !
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
and i expect much more from a talent as outstand as director bruce mcculloch .
dolman confin himself to shtick and sentiment -- the one bald and the other sloppi .
is it possibl for a documentari to be utter entranc by it subject and still show virtual no understand of it ?
it 's suppos to be a romant comedi - it suffer from too much norma rae and not enough pretti woman .
the lead are so unmemor , despit sever attempt at lengthi dialogu scene , that one eventu resent have to inhal this gutter romanc 's secondhand materi .
stagger between flaccid satir and what is suppos to be madcap farc .
not that ani of us should be complain when a film clock in around 90 minut these day , but the plot here leav a lot to be desir .
braini , artist and mute , almost to the point of suffoc .
play like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodrama .
like life on the island , the movi grow bore despit the sceneri .
the truth about charli is that it 's a brazen misguid project .
display the potenti for a better movi than what bailli manag to deliv
so exagger and broad that it come off as annoy rather than charm .
an awkward hybrid of genr that just doe n't work .
the latest vapid actor 's exercis to appropri the structur of arthur schnitzler 's reigen .
snipe is both a snore and utter tripe .
ritchi 's film is easier to swallow than wertmul 's polem allegori , but it 's self-def decor .
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubrist folli .
it 's the kind of under-inspir , overblown enterpris that give hollywood sequel a bad name .
rosenth -lrb- halloween ii -rrb- seem to have forgotten everyth he ever knew about generat suspens .
even murphi 's expert comic time and fame charisma ca n't rescu this effort .
rodriguez ... was unabl to reproduc the special spark between the charact that made the first film such a delight .
a sleek advert for youth anomi that never quit equal the sum of it pretens .
some bodi smack of exhibition more than it doe cathart truth tell .
this is n't a terribl film by ani mean , but it 's also far from be a realiz work .
appar , romant comedi with a fresh point of view just doe n't figur in the present hollywood program .
depress thin and exhaust contriv .
onli masochist moviego need appli .
a movi that 's held captiv by mediocr .
not bad , but not all that good .
bacon keep thing interest , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price .
what 's next ?
rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michell gellar in the philadelphia stori ?
david spade as citizen kane ?
ca n't seem to get anywher near the stori 's center .
the problem , amaz enough , is the screenplay .
it 's a frankenstein-monst of a film that doe n't know what it want to be .
upper west sidey exercis in narciss and self-congratul disguis as a tribut .
on it ici face , the new film is a subzero version of monster , inc. , without the latter 's imagin , visual charm or textur .
i ca n't say this enough : this movi is about an adult male dress in pink jammi .
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suit to video-view than the multiplex .
after a while , the onli way for a reason intellig person to get through the countri bear is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-mus histori has been allow to get wet , fuzzi and sticki .
we get light shower of emot a coupl of time , but then -- strang -- these wane to an inconsist and ultim unsatisfi drizzl .
summer 's far too fleet to squander on offal like this .
the film is grossli contradictori in convey it social messag , if inde there is one .
often linger just as long on the irrelev as on the engag , which gradual turn what time is it there ?
into how long is this movi ?
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appear to liven thing up .
deuc wild is an encyclopedia of clich that shoplift shameless from farewell-to-innoc movi like the wander and a bronx tale without crib ani of their intellig .
it 's a bare toler slog over well-trod ground .
epp has neither the charisma nor the natur affabl that has made tucker a star .
it 's sweet ... but just a littl bit too precious at the start and a littl too familiar at the end .
a dull , dumb and deriv horror film .
an awkward contriv exercis in magic realism .
demm get a lot of flavor and spice into his charad remak , but he ca n't disguis that he 's spif up leftov that are n't so substanti or fresh .
this is a heartfelt stori ... it just is n't a veri involv one .
these self-styl athlet have bang their brain into the ground so frequent and furious , their capac to explain themselv has gone the same way as their natur instinct for self-preserv .
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movi come from a 60-second homag to one of demm 's good film doe n't bode well for the rest of it .
richard pryor mine his person horror and came up with a treasur chest of materi , but lawrenc give us most fool 's gold .
the band perform featur in drumlin are red hot ... -lrb- but -rrb- from a mere stori point of view , the film 's ice cold .
... built on the premis that middle-class arkansa consist of monster truck-lov good ol boy and peroxid blond honey whose world knowledg come from tv rerun and supermarket tabloid .
a laughabl -- or rather , unlaugh -- excus for a film .
the sequel is everyth the origin was not : contriv , overblown and tie-in readi .
like a grin jack o ' lantern , it appar glee is deriv from a lobotomi , have had all it vital essenc scoop out and discard .
a sentiment hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specif .
... familiar and predict , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machin rather than -lrb- writer-director -rrb- franc .
rey ' word processor .
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intent , but there 's noth here that they could n't have done in half an hour .
it 's so devoid of joy and energi it make even jason x ... look posit shakesperean by comparison .
a littl object could have gone a long way .
one of the worst film of 2002 .
i believ silberl had the best intent here , but he just doe n't have the restraint to fulli realiz them .
play like an unbalanc mixtur of graphic combat footag and almost saccharin domest interlud that are pure hollywood .
mctiernan 's remak may be lighter on it feet -- the sober-mind origin was as grace as a tap-danc rhino -- but it is just as bore and as obvious .
high crime carri almost no organ intrigu as a govern \/ marine\/leg mysteri , and that 's becaus the movi serv up all of that stuff , near sublimin , as the old-hat provinc of male intrigu .
this movi is about the worst thing chan has done in the unit state .
the explos essenti ruin -- or , rather , overpow -- the fiction of the movi for me .
this ludicr film is predict at everi turn .
an incred irrit comedi about thorough vacuous peopl ... manag to embodi the worst excess of nouvell vagu without ani of it sens of fun or energi .
the film desper sink further and further into comedi futil .
instead of a balanc film that explain the zeitgeist that is the x game , we get a cinemat postcard that 's superfici and unreal .
the crass of this reactionari thriller is match onli by the ridicul of it premis .
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of tri to have it both way .
the superior plotlin is n't quit enough to drag along the dead -lrb- water -rrb- weight of the other .
the film doe n't realli care about the thousand of american who die hideous , it care about how ryan meet his futur wife and make his start at the cia .
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffl , respect , as ledger attempt , in vain , to prove that movie-star intens can overcom bad hair design .
after an hour and a half of wonder -- sometim amus , sometim impati -- just what this strenuous unconvent movi is suppos to be , you discov that the answer is as convent as can be .
` linklat fan , or pretenti type who want to appear avant-gard will suck up to this project ... '
a woefulli dull , redund concept that bear more than a whiff of exploit , despit iwai 's vaunt empathi .
screenwrit chris ver weil 's direct debut is good-natur and never dull , but it virtu are small and easili overshadow by it predict .
if you realli want to understand what this stori is realli all about , you re far better serv by the sourc materi .
it 's mild sentiment , unabash consumerist ... studious inoffens and complet dispos .
like it titl charact , esther kahn is unusu but unfortun also irrit .
the star who help give a spark to `` chase ami '' and `` chang lane '' fall flat as think man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fear . '' a summari of the plot doe n't quit do justic to the aw of the movi , for that come through all too pain in the execut .
everi conceiv mistak a director could make in film opera has been perpetr here .
snoot will no doubt ralli to it caus , trot out threadbar standbi like ` masterpiec ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rare doe an establish filmmak so ardent wast viewer ' time with a gobbler like this .
-lrb- the film 's -rrb- tast for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those wean on the comedi of tom green and the farrelli brother .
ani enjoy will be hing from a person threshold of watch sad but endear charact do extrem unconvent thing .
if legendari shlockmeist ed wood had ever made a movi about a vampir , it probabl would look a lot like this alarm product , adapt from ann rice 's novel the vampir chronicl .
hard a nuanc portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film nevertheless work up a few scare .
intermin bleak , to say noth of bore .
thing realli get weird , though not particular scari : the movi is all portent and no content .
it 's difficult to discern if this is a crazi work of disturb genius or mere 90 minut of post-adolesc electra rebellion .
bog down bad as we absorb jia 's moodi , bad-boy behavior which he portray himself in a one-not perform .
the camera whirl !
the camera twirl !
oh , look at that clever angl !
wow , a jump cut !
demm final succeed in diminish his statur from oscar-win master to lowli studio hack .
the action scene have all the suspens of a 20-car pileup , while the plot hole are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kao had n't blown them all up .
it almost feel as if the movi is more interest in entertain itself than in amus us .
it put washington , as honest work man john q. archibald , on a pedest , then keep lift the pedest higher .
ultim , the film amount to be lectur to by tech-geek , if you re up for that sort of thing .
far more enjoy than it predecessor .
-lrb- gayton 's script -rrb- telegraph everi discoveri and layer on the gloss of conveni .
full frontal , which open today nationwid , could almost be classifi as a movie-industri satir , but it lack the generous inclus that is the genr 's definit , if disingenu , featur .
a ragbag of clich .
this rough trade punch-and-judi act did n't play well then and it play wors now .
the three lead produc adequ perform , but what 's miss from this materi is ani depth of feel .
it 's possibl that someth hip and transgress was be attempt here that stubborn refus to gel , but the result is more puzzl than unsettl .
this pain unfunni farc traffic in tire stereotyp and encumb itself with complic ... that have no bear on the stori .
short and sweet , but also more than anyth els slight ... tadpol pull back from the consequ of it own action and revel .
has it moment , but it 's pretti far from a treasur .
what more can be expect from a colleg comedi that 's target audienc has n't graduat from junior high school ?
collater damag offer formula payback and the big payoff , but the explos tend to simpli hit their mark , pyro-correct .
the plan to make enough into ` an inspir tale of surviv wrap in the heart-pound suspens of a stylish psycholog thriller ' has flop as sure as a souffl gone wrong .
instead of let the laugh come as they may , lawrenc unleash his trademark misogyni -- er , comedi -- like a human volcano or an overflow septic tank , take your pick .
you know that ten buck you 'd spend on a ticket ?
just send it to cranki .
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
an even more predict , cliche-ridden endeavor than it predecessor .
the whole thing play like a tire tyco ad .
the film doe n't show enough of the creativ process or even of what was creat for the non-fan to figur out what make wilco a big deal .
the soupi end result has the odd distinct of be play without be fun , too .
no , i do n't know whi steven seagal is consid a star , nor whi he keep be cast in action film when none of them are ever ani good or make ani money .
even by the intent low standard of frat-boy humor , soror boy is a bowser .
one well-tim explos in a movi can be a knockout , but a hundr of them can be numb .
proof of this is ballist : eck vs. sever .
halfway through , howev , have suck dri the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutat into a gross-out monster movi with effect that are more silli than scari .
weight down with slow , uninvolv storytel and flat act .
we ca n't accus kung pow for misfir , sinc it is exact what it want to be : an atroci , mind-numb , indescrib bad movi .
unfortun , we 'd prefer a simpl misfir .
there is n't one moment in the film that surpris or delight .
` would n't it be nice if all guy got a tast of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? '
the movi is essenti a seri of fleet interest actor ' moment .
most of the inform has alreadi appear in one forum or anoth and , no matter how broomfield dress it up , it tend to specul , conspiraci theori or , at best , circumstanti evid .
this movi , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfort close to lose my lunch .
the secret of time travel will have been discov , indulg in and reject as bore befor i see this piec of crap again .
smug , artifici , ill-construct and fatal overlong ... it never find a consist tone and lack bite , degener into a pious , preachi soap opera .
chelsea wall is a case of too mani chef fuss over too weak a recip .
everi joke is repeat at least four time .
everi joke is repeat at least four time .
everi joke is repeat at least -- annoy , is n't it ?
come across as a fair weak retool .
the lousi lead perform ... keep the movi from ever reach the comic height it obvious desir .
it and piec of the hot chick are so hilari , and schneider 's perform is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movi -- again , as in the anim -- is a slapdash mess .
-lrb- creat -rrb- the worst kind of mytholog , the kind that sacrific real heroism and abject suffer for melodrama .
the movi resolut avoid all the comic possibl of it situat , and becom one more dumb high school comedi about sex gag and prom date .
earnest and heartfelt but undernourish and plod .
a sugar-co rocki whose valuabl messag are forgotten 10 minut after the last trombon honk .
romanek keep ad flourish -- artsi fantasi sequenc -- that simpli feel wrong .
they cheapen the overal effect .
has all the complex and realist human behavior of an episod of general hospit .
an accept way to pass a littl over an hour with moviego age 8-10 , but it 's unlik to inspir anyth more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alon some savvi street activ .
-lrb- allen 's -rrb- been make piffl for a long while , and hollywood end may be his way of say that piffl is all that the airhead movi busi deserv from him right now .
an exercis in cynic everi bit as ugli as the shabbi digit photographi and muddi sound .
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generat gap and not bad enough to repuls ani generat of it fan .
the movi is silli beyond comprehens , and even if it were n't silli , it would still be beyond comprehens .
watchabl up until the point where the situat and the dialogu spin hopeless out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appear on the screen .
the scriptwrit are no less a menac to societi than the film 's charact .
merchant has n't direct this movi so much as produc it -- like sausag .
the film has a near termin case of the cute , and it 's neither as funni nor as charm as it think it is .
more a gunfest than a rock concert .
it 's a fright vaniti film that , no doubt , pay off what debt miramax felt they owe to benigni .
a muddi psycholog thriller rife with miscalcul .
it make me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movi ye who enter here .
it 's not origin enough .
a listless sci-fi comedi in which eddi murphi deploy two guis and elabor futurist set to no particular memor effect .
littl more than a super-s infomerci for the cable-sport channel and it summer x game .
a generic bloodbath that often becom laughabl unbear when it is n't mere offens .
juli davi is the kathi lee gifford of film director , sad prove onc again ego doe n't alway go hand in hand with talent .
an unholi mess , driven by the pathet idea that if you shoot someth on crummy-look videotap , it must be label ` hip ' , ` innov ' and ` realist ' .
the stori 's pathet and the gag are pueril . . curious , super trooper suffer becaus it doe n't have enough vice to merit it 103-minut length .
so bland and utter forgett that it might as well have been titl generic jennif lopez romant comedi .
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd .
for free .
i still want my money back .
it plod along method , somehow under the assumpt that it `` dead wife communic from beyond the grave '' framework is even remot new or interest .
it 's hard to believ that a relationship like holli and marina 's could surviv the hothous emot of teendom , and it longev get more inexplic as the character turn more crassli reduct .
all too familiar ... basic the sort of cautionari tale that was old when ` angel with dirti face ' appear in 1938 .
... passabl enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court hous of life type of flick .
strict middl of the road .
although purport a studi in modern alien , it 's realli littl more than a particular slant , gay s\/m fantasi , enerv and deaden drawn-out .
after the first 10 minut , which is worth see , the movi sink into an abyss of clich , depress and bad altern music .
no one can doubt the filmmak ' motiv , but the guy still feel counterproduct .
a veri slow , unev ride around a pretti tatter old carousel .
with littl visibl talent and no energi , colin hank is in bad need of major act lesson and mayb a littl coffe .
`` feardotcom '' has the make of an interest medit on the ether natur of the internet and the otherworld energi it could channel , but it simpli becom a routin shocker .
a meatbal for the bare-midriff generat .
well-mean to a fault , antwon fisher manag the dubious feat of turn one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romanc comedi .
seem disgust with the lazi materi and the finish product 's unshap look , director fisher steven inexplic dip key moment from the film in wake life water color .
formula 51 promis a new kind of high but deliv the same old bad trip .
everyth that was right about blade is wrong in it sequel .
a few energet stunt sequenc briefli enliven the film , but the wheez terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minut run time , and the protagonist ' bohemian boorish mar the spirit of good clean fun .
the film was produc by jerri bruckheim and direct by joel schumach , and reflect the worst of their shallow style : wild overproduc , inadequ motiv everi step of the way and demograph target to pleas everi one -lrb- and no one -rrb- .
disney again ransack it archiv for a quick-buck sequel .
coars , clich and clunki , this trifl romant comedi in which opposit attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demand it squander the charm of star hugh grant and sandra bullock .
anyon who suffer through this film deserv , at the veri least , a big box of consol candi .
how much you are move by the emot tumult of -lrb- francoi and michel 's -rrb- relationship depend a lot on how interest and likabl you find them .
they presum their audienc wo n't sit still for a sociolog lesson , howev entertain present , so they trot out the convent science-fict element of bug-ey monster and futurist women in skimpi cloth .
collaps after 30 minut into a slap-happi seri of adolesc violenc .
the follow thing are not at all entertain : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watch seinfeld -lrb- who is also one of the film 's produc -rrb- do everyth he can to look like a good guy .
attal 's hang-up surround infidel are so old-fashion and , dare i say , outdat , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought someth fresher to the proceed simpli by accid .
obvious , obnoxi and didact burlesqu .
the most surpris thing about this film is that they are actual releas it into theater .
michel is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritu quest at all serious .
ultim , clariti matter , both in break code and make movi .
enigma lack it .
potty-mouth enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilari raunchi as south park , this strang schizo cartoon seem suit neither to kid or adult .
... has it moment , but ultim , it curmudgeon doe n't quit make the cut of be place on ani list of favorit .
a distinct minor effort that will be seen to better advantag on cabl , especi consid it bare feature-length run time of one hour .
most of the movi is so dead dull that watch the proverbi paint dri would be a welcom improv .
in the end , tuck everlast fall victim to that everlast conundrum experienc by everi human who ever live : too much to do , too littl time to do it in .
rather less than the sum of it underventil pere-fil confront .
mckay show crush littl curios about , or is ill-equip to examin , the interior live of the charact in his film , much less incorpor them into his narrat .
play like a seri of vignett -- clip of a film that are still look for a common through-lin .
new yorker alway seem to find the oddest place to dwell ...
amid the shock and curios factor , the film is just a corni examin of a young actress tri to find her way .
yes , spirit away is a triumph of imagin , but it 's also a failur of storytel .
a characterist engorg and sloppi coming-of-ag movi .
a somewhat disappoint and meander saga .
whenev you think you ve seen the end of the movi , we cut to a new scene , which also appear to be the end .
but , no , we get anoth scene , and then anoth .
you begin to long for the end credit as the desert doe for rain .
an empti , ugli exercis in druggi trance-noir and trumped-up street credibl .
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lack the wit necessari to fulli exploit the comic element of the premis , make the proceed more bizarr than actual amus .
the milieu is wholli unconvinc ... and the histrion reach a truli annoy pitch .
unfunni comedi with a lot of static set up , not much camera movement , and most of the scene take place indoor in formal set with motionless charact .
each stori is built on a potenti interest idea , but the first two are ruin by amateurish write and act , while the third feel limit by it short run time .
except for paymer as the boss who ultim express empathi for bartlebi 's pain , the perform are so styliz as to be drain of human emot .
will no doubt delight plympton 's legion of fan other may find 80 minut of these shenanigan exhaust .
the laugh are as rare as snake foo yung .
for a film that celebr radic , nonconformist valu , what to do in case of fire ?
lazili and glum settl into a most tradit , reserv kind of filmmak .
knockaround guy play like a student film by two guy who desper want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up .
but they lack their idol 's energi and passion for detail .
mattei so complet lose himself to the film 's circular structur to ever offer ani insight discours on , well , love in the time of money .
it briefli flirt with player masoch , but the point of real interest - -- audienc sadism -- is evad complet .
holland let thing peter out midway , but it 's notabl better act -- and far less crass - than some other recent effort in the burgeon genr of film about black urban profession .
for everi articul player , such as skateboard toni hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turk angl to see how mani time they can work the word `` radic '' or `` suck '' into a sentenc .
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
an impenetr and insuffer ball of pseudo-philosoph twaddl .
it 's unfortun that wallac , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepress passion for sappi situat and dialogu .
i like the movi , but i know i would have like it more if it had just gone that one step further .
i 'm left slight disappoint that it did n't .
dreari tale of middle-class angst
for a movi about the power of poetri and passion , there is precious littl of either .
-lrb- jackson and bledel -rrb- seem to have been pick not for their act chop , but for their look and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
lillard and cardellini earn their scoobi snack , but not anyon els .
like schindler 's list , the grey zone attempt to be grandiloqu , but end up mere pretenti -- in a grisli sort of way .
an unremit ugli movi to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quit possibl the sturdiest exampl yet of whi the dv revolut has cheapen the artistri of make a film .
-lrb- screenwrit -rrb- piment took the farrelli brother comedi and femin it , but it is a rather poor imit .
it 's kind of sad that so mani peopl put so much time and energi into this turkey .
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .
it juxtaposit of overwrought existenti and stomach-churn gore will have you forev on the verg of either crack up or throw up .
a decid mix bag .
there are cheesi backdrop , ridicul action sequenc , and mani tire joke about men in heel .
ice cube is n't quit out of ripe screwbal idea , but friday after next spread them pretti thin .
not everyth in the film work , includ it somewhat conveni end .
the charact , cast in imposs contriv situat , are total estrang from realiti .
everyth els about high crime is , like the militari system of justic it portray , tiresom regiment .
just dread .
i do n't blame eddi murphi but should n't owen wilson know a movi must have a stori and a script ?
sweet home alabama certain wo n't be rememb as one of -lrb- witherspoon 's -rrb- better film .
hard as this may be to believ , here on earth , a surpris similar teen drama , was a better film .
this is just lazi write .
even kid deserv better .
the pretens -- and dispos stori -- sink the movi .
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .
bravo reveal the true intent of her film by care select interview subject who will construct a portrait of castro so predomin charit it can onli be seen as propaganda .
... a preachi parabl styliz with a touch of john woo bullet ballet .
frank capra play this stori straight .
but the 2002 film doe n't realli believ in it , and break the mood with absurd inappropri ` comedi ' scene .
how about start with a more origin stori instead of just slap extrem humor and gross-out gag on top of the same old crap ?
the problem is that for the most part , the film is dead dull .
handl correct , wild 's play is a masterpiec of eleg wit and artific .
here , ala , it collaps like an overcook souffl .
`` soror boy '' was funnier , and that movi was pretti bad .
a bizarr piec of work , with premis and dialogu at the level of kid ' televis and plot thread as moros as teen pregnanc , rape and suspect murder
paul bettani is good at be the ultra-viol gangster wannab , but the movi is certain not number 1 .
it 's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the year , though do n't ask still find a few chuckl .
an uplift drama ... what antwon fisher is n't , howev , is origin .
often likabl , but just as often it 's meander , low on energi , and too eager to be quirki at moment when a littl old-fashion storytel would come in handi .
certain to be distast to children and adult alik , eight crazi night is a total misfir .
elabor special effect take centr screen , so that the human stori is push to one side .
showtim is n't particular assault , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see anoth car chase , explos or gunfight again .
all the charact are clinic depress and have abandon their slim hope and dream .
this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alter .
i have no problem with `` difficult '' movi , or movi that ask the audienc to meet them halfway and connect the dot instead of have thing all spell out .
but first , you have to give the audienc a reason to want to put for that effort
been there , done that ... a thousand time alreadi , and better .
what 's most offens is n't the wast of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincer grief and mourn in favor of bogus spiritu .
sunk by way too much indulg of scene-chew , teeth-gnash actorli .
fan of plympton 's short may margin enjoy the film , but it is doubt this listless featur will win him ani new viewer .
barrel along at the start befor becom mire in sentiment .
none of this sound promis and , inde , the first half of soror boy is as appal as ani ` comedi ' to ever spill from a projector 's len .
the kind of movi that leav vagu impress and a nasti aftertast but littl clear memori of it oper mechan .
` punch-drunk love is so convinc of it own brillianc that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash it face in . '
at onc over old-fashion in it sudsi plot and heavy-hand in it effort to modern it with encomia to divers and toler .
the trashi teen-sleaz equival of showgirl .
while the product detail are lavish , film has littl insight into the histor period and it artist , particular in how sand develop a notori reput .
a crass and insult homag to great film like some like it hot and the john wayn classic .
what 's the most posit thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicl ?
well , it 's not as pathet as the anim .
with all the sympathi , empathi and piti fog up the screen ... his secret life enter the land of unintent melodrama and tiresom love triangl .
the problemat charact and over conveni plot twist foul up shum 's good intent .
what ` blade runner ' would ve look like as a low-budget seri on a uhf channel .
has all the valu of a straight-to-video movi , but becaus it has a bigger-nam cast , it get a full theatric releas .
with it lackadais plot and mindless action , all about the benjamin evok the bottom tier of blaxploit flick from the 1970s .
it never quit make it to the boil point , but manag to sustain a good simmer for most of it run time .
loud , silli , stupid and pointless .
mandel holland 's direct is uninspir , and his script unsurpris , but the perform by phifer and black are ultim win .
you ll find yourself wish that you and they were in anoth movi .
a yawn-provok littl farm melodrama .
did no one on the set have a sens of humor , or did they not have the nerv to speak up ?
serious , rent the disney version .
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedi can be fertil sourc of humor , but lawrenc has onli a fleet grasp of how to develop them .
like it parad of predecessor , this halloween is a gori slash-fest .
it ca n't escap it past , and it doe n't want to .
`` abandon '' will leav you want to abandon the theater .
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is go on .
a live-act cartoon , a fast-mov and cheer simplist 88 minut of exagger action put togeth with the preteen boy in mind .
a loquaci and dreari piec of busi .
what the audienc feel is exhaust , from watch a movi that is dark -lrb- dark green , to be exact -rrb- , sour , bloodi and mean .
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serv detent
dodgi mixtur of cutesi romanc , dark satir and murder mysteri .
meticul mount , exasper well-behav film , which tick off kahlo 's lifetim mileston with the duti precis of a tax account .
time of favor could have given audienc the time of day by concentr on the element of a reveal alien among a cultur of peopl who sad are at hostil odd with one anoth through reckless and retali .
i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnni knoxvill 's stomach from a riot-control projectil or my own tortur psych .
while serv sara doe have a long way to go befor it reach the level of cruditi in the latest austin power extravaganza , there 's noth here to match that movi 's intermitt moment of inspir .
i 'm not sure which is wors : the poor act by the ensembl cast , the flat dialogu by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direct by lauric guillen .
the onli reason you should see this movi is if you have a case of masoch and an hour and a half to blow .
whatev about warn kid about the danger of ouija board , someon should dispens the same advic to film director .
as with so mani merchandised-to-the-max movi of this type , more time appear to have gone into recruit the right band for the playlist and the costum of the star than into the script , which has a hand of smart joke and not much els .
the irwin ' scene are fascin the movi as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defi effort .
if routin action and joke like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get readi for the big shear .
this is one baaaaaaaaad movi .
a man leav the screen said the film was better than save privat ryan .
he may have meant the internet short save ryan 's privat .
but windtalk doe n't beat that one , either .
may puzzl his most ardent fan .
start as a tart littl lemon drop of a movi and end up as a bitter pill .
we never feel anyth for these charact , and as a result the film is basic just a curios .
those unfamiliar with mormon tradit may find the singl ward occasion bewild .
ritchi may not have a novel thought in his head , but he know how to pose madonna .
the stori , touch though it is , doe not quit have enough emot reson or varieti of incid to sustain a featur , and even at 85 minut it feel a bit long .
feel like the work of an artist who is simpli tire -- of fight the same fight , of put the weight of the world on his shoulder , of play with narrat form .
while you have to admit it 's semi-amus to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you re a jet , you re a jet all the way , '' it 's equal distast to watch him sing the lyric to `` tonight . '' the whole mess boil down to a transpar hypocrit work that feel as though it 's tri to set the women 's liber movement back 20 year . '
... the cast portray their cartoon counterpart well ... but quit frank , scoob and shag do n't eat enough dure the film . '
more of the same old garbag hollywood has been tri to pass off as accept teen entertain for some time now .
tv skit-com materi fervent deposit on the big screen .
-lrb- johnni to and wai ka fai are -rrb- sure to find an enthusiast audienc among american action-adventur buff , but the film 's interest may be too narrow to attract crossov viewer .
if there was ever a movi where the upbeat end feel like a copout , this is the one .
it 's as sorri a mess as it director 's diabol debut , mad cow .
ani attempt at nuanc given by the capabl cast is drown out by director jon purdi 's sledgehamm sap .
it audaci ambit sabotag by pompos , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerg as a numb dull experi .
despit some strong perform , never rise abov the level of a telanovela .
this is a pictur that maik , the firebrand turn savvi ad man , would be envious of : it hijack the heat of revolut and turn it into a sale tool .
feel slight , as if it were an extend short , albeit one made by the smartest kid in class .
unspeak , of cours , bare begin to describ the plot and it complic .
vulgar is too optimist a titl .
the actor pull out all the stop in near everi scene , but to diminish effect .
the charact never chang .
if the last man were the last movi left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presid over the end of cinema as we know it and anoth night of delight hand shadow .
well groupie\/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's final provid his own broadsid at publish giant william randolph hearst .
make the same mistak as the music industri it critic , becom so slick and watered-down it almost lose what made you love it in the first place .
even as i valiant struggl to remain interest , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelid ... get ... veri ... heavi ... a bad movi that happen to good actor .
boast eye-catch art direct but has a forc quirki tone that quick wear out it limit welcom .
screenwrit dan schneider and director shawn levi substitut volum and primari color for humor and bite .
oversex , at time overwrought comedy\/drama that offer littl insight into the experi of be forti , femal and singl .
that such a horribl movi could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinemat tragedi .
it all start to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter word thrown in that are general not heard on televis .
rare has a film 's titl serv such dire warn .
if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kid and run and then probabl call the polic .
the anim is compet , and some of the gag are quit funni , but jonah ... never shake the oppress , moral superior good-for-you qualiti that almost automat accompani didact entertain .
the pace of the film is veri slow -lrb- for obvious reason -rrb- and that too becom off-put .
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convinc perform , but neither reach into the deepest recess of the charact to unearth the quak essenc of passion , grief and fear .
shafer 's featur doe n't offer much in term of plot or act .
in his role of observ of the scene , lawrenc sound whini and defens , as if his life-alt experi made him bitter and less matur .
-lrb- t -rrb- he idea of revolut # 9 are more compel than the execut
the film did n't convinc me that calvin jr. 's barbershop repres some sort of beacon of hope in the middl of chicago 's south side .
what happen when someth goe bump in the night and nobodi care ?
despit some comic spark , welcom to collinwood never catch fire .
director georg hickenloop has had some success with documentari , but here his sens of stori and his juvenil camera movement smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin end might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
show moment of promis but ultim succumb to clich and pat storytel .
even accept this in the right frame of mind can onli provid it with so much lenienc .
some bodi is a shaki , uncertain film that nevertheless touch a few raw nerv .
all the small moment and flashback do n't add up to much more than trite observ on the human condit .
-lrb- a -rrb- stale retread of the 53 origin .
one thing 's for sure -- if georg romero had direct this movi , it would n't have taken the protagonist a full hour to determin that in order to kill a zombi you must shoot it in the head .
for danc completist onli .
spread itself too thin , leav these actor , as well as the member of the commune , short of profound character
it would n't matter so much that this arrog richard pryor wannab 's routin is offens , pueril and unimagin foul-mouth if it was at least funni .
the local ... remain far more interest than the stori at hand .
yo , it 's the day of our live meet electr boogaloo .
i like the origin short stori but this movi , even at an hour and twenty-som minut , it 's too long and it goe nowher .
this littl film is so sloven done , so primit in techniqu , that it ca n't realli be call anim .
make 98 minut feel like three hour .
hawk 's film , a bore , pretenti wast of near two hour , doe n't tell you anyth except that the chelsea hotel today is popul by whini , pathet , starv and untal artist .
aspir to the crack lunaci of the adventur of buckaroo banzai , but thank to an astonish witless script end up more like the adventur of ford fairlan .
real-lif strongman ahola lack the charisma and abil to carri the film on his admit broad shoulder .
the titl , alon , should scare ani sane person away .
low comedi doe n't come much lower .
appropri cynic social commentari asid , # 9 never quit ignit .
it 's crap on a leash -- far too polit to scale the lunat height of joe dant 's similar style gremlin .
one of the most depress movie-go experi i can think of is to sit through about 90 minut of a so-cal ` comedi ' and not laugh onc .
this is the kind of movi where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
let 's face it -- there are n't mani reason anyon would want to see crossroad if they re not big fan of teen pop kitten britney spear .
a loud , brash and main unfunni high school comedi .
an except dreari and overwrought bit of work , everi bit as imperi as katzenberg 's the princ of egypt from 1998 .
the movi is so resolut cobbl togeth out of older movi that it even use a total unnecessari prologu , just becaus it seem obligatori .
the movi 's vision of a white american zealous spread a puritan brand of christian to south sea island is one onli a true believ could relish .
maid in manhattan prove that it 's easier to chang the sheet than to chang hackney concept when it come to dream up romant comedi .
a fair harmless but ultim lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
i ca n't rememb the last time i saw a movi where i want so bad for the protagonist to fail .
... the whole thing succeed onli in make me groggi .
like most of jaglom 's film , some of it is honest affect , but more of it seem contriv and secondhand .
one long , numb action sequenc made up most of routin stuff yuen has given us befor .
forgett , if good-heart , movi .
the film 's most improb feat ?
it did n't go straight to video .
... about as excit to watch as two last-plac basketbal team play one anoth on the final day of the season .
the chateau ... is less concern with cultur and polit issu than dote on it eccentr charact .
cruel and inhuman cinemat punish ... simultan degrad it charact , it star and it audienc .
it 's not too fast and not too slow .
it 's not too raci and it 's not too offens .
it 's not too much of anyth .
the great piti is that those respons did n't cut their loss -- and our -- and retitl it the adventur of direct-to-video nash , and send it to it proper home .
about as origin as a gangster sweat bullet while worri about a contract on his life .
an empti shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
we could have expect a littl more human be , and a littl less product .
instead of use georg and luci 's most obvious differ to ignit spark , lawrenc desper look elsewher , seiz on georg 's hapless and luci 's person tic .
whether quit will prove absorb to american audienc is debat .
becom a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerk that doe n't and a thriller that wo n't .
famili togeth take a back seat to inter-famili rivalri and workplac ambit ... whole subplot have no explan or even plot relev .
grant is n't cari and bullock is n't katherin .
like a fish that 's live too long , austin power in goldmemb has some unnecessari part and is kinda wrong in place .
two tedious act light on great scare and a good surpris end .
shyamalan should stop tri to pleas his mom .
the entir movi is in need of a scent bath .
i 'm sorri to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
the stori of troubl everi day ... is so sketchi it amount to littl more than preliminari note for a science-fict horror film , and the movi 's fragmentari narrat style make piec the stori togeth frustrat difficult .
a movi to forget
for all of it insight into the dream world of teen life , and it electron express through cyber cultur , the film give no quarter to anyon seek to pull a cohes stori out of it 2 1\/2 - hour run time .
enough is not a bad movi , just mediocr .
the perform are so overst , the effect come off as self-parodi .
it look good , but it is essenti empti .
the film never find it tone and sever scene run too long .
the idea is more interest than the screenplay , which lag bad in the middl and lurch between not-very-funni comedi , unconvinc dramat and some last-minut action strong reminisc of run lola run .
van wilder has a built-in audienc , but onli among those who are dri out from spring break and are still unconcern about what they ingest .
it 's hard to believ that someth so short could be so flabbi .
do we realli need anoth film that prais femal self-sacrific ?
the major problem with windtalk is that the bulk of the movi center on the wrong charact .
tennesse william by way of oprah 's book club .
so verbal flatfoot and so emot predict or bland that it play like the standard made-for-tv movi .
the entir point of a shaggi dog stori , of cours , is that it goe nowher , and this is classic nowheresvill in everi sens .
stale and clich to a fault .
this film is too busi hit all of it assign mark to take on ani life of it own .
watch junk like this induc a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were pay due for good book unread , fine music never heard .
the script feel as if it start to explor the obvious voyeurist potenti of ` hypertim ' but then back off when the produc saw the gross for spi kid .
start off witti and sophist and you want to love it -- but filmmak yvan attal quick write himself into a corner .
some like it hot on the hardwood prove onc again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funni .
unfortun , contriv plot , stereotyp charact and woo 's over-the-top instinct as a director undermin the moral dilemma at the movi 's heart .
witless and utter pointless .
when ` scienc fiction ' take advantag of the fact that it intend audienc has n't yet had much scienc , it doe a disservic to the audienc and to the genr .
show me the mug .
repres someth veri close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror genr .
visual sumptuous but intellectu stultifi .
as a feature-length film , it wear out it welcom as tri as the titl charact .
a guilti pleasur at best , and not worth see unless you want to laugh at it .
a sleep-induc thriller with a singl twist that everyon except the charact in it can see come a mile away .
with a `` spi kid '' sequel open next week , whi bother with a contempt imit star a `` snl '' has-been act like an 8-year-old channel roberto benigni ?
it 's just rather leaden and dull .
lack the visual flair and bounc bravado that character better hip-hop clip and is content to recycl imag and charact that were alreadi tire 10 year ago .
statham employ an accent that i think is suppos to be an attempt at hardass american but sometim just laps into unhidden british .
instead of tri to bust some blond , -lrb- digg -rrb- should be probe whi a guy with his talent end up in a movi this bad .
initi strang inexor give way to rote sentiment and mystic tender becom narrat expedi .
de ayala is requir to suppli too much of the energi in a film that is , overal , far too staid for it subject matter .
dismal dull sci-fi comedi .
there 's sure someth wrong with a comedi where the onli belli laugh come from the select of outtak tack onto the end credit .
when one hear harri shearer is go to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
the lead we are given here are simpli too bland to be interest .
-lrb- toback 's -rrb- fond for fanci split-screen , stutter edit and pompous refer to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blend uneasili with the titil materi .
adam sandler 's 8 crazi night is 75 wast minut of sandler as the voice-ov hero in columbia pictur ' pervers idea of an anim holiday movi .
essenti `` fatal attract '' remad for viewer who were in diaper when the origin was releas in 1987 .
... this stori get sillier , not scarier , as it goe along ... even a harden voyeur would requir the patienc of job to get through this intermin , shapeless documentari about the swing subcultur .
the film 's hero is a bore and his innoc soon becom a question kind of inexcus dumb innoc .
a singular off-put romant comedi .
this is an exercis not in biographi but in hero worship .
it all come down to whether you can toler leon barlow .
i ca n't .
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shine star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarante that no wise men will be follow after it .
check your brain and your secret agent decod ring at the door becaus you do n't want to think too much about what 's go on .
the movi doe has some entertain valu - how much depend on how well you like chris rock .
a movi that seem motiv more by a desir to match mortarboard with dead poet societi and good will hunt than by it own stori .
a cultur clash comedi onli half as clever as it think it is .
the logic of it all will be greek to anyon not predispos to the movi 's rude and crude humor .
as self-awar movi go , who is cleti tout ?
is clever enough , though thin write prove it undo .
start out strong befor quick lose it focus , point and purpos in a mess of mix messag , over-blown drama and bruce willi with a scar .
... a fascin curios piec -- fascin , that is , for about ten minut .
after that it becom long and tedious like a classroom play in a colleg histori cours .
director jay russel weigh down his caprici fairy-tal with heavi sentiment and lightweight mean .
there are mani thing that solid act can do for a movi , but craft someth promis from a mediocr screenplay is not one of them .
it screenplay serv as auto-critiqu , and it clumsi as it own most damn censur .
at time , it actual hurt to watch .
nemesi suffer from a paunchi midsect , sever plod action sequenc and a wick undramat central theme .
the joke are telegraph so far in advanc they must have been lost in the mail .
-lrb- tri -rrb- to parodi a genr that 's alreadi a joke in the unit state .
the movi is the equival of french hip-hop , which also seem to play on a 10-year delay .
a beyond-lam satir , teddi bear ' picnic rank among the most piti direct debut by an esteem writer-actor .
i ve never seen -lrb- a remak -rrb- do anyth as stomach-turn as the way adam sandler 's new movi rape , pillag and inciner frank capra 's classic ...
hollywood 's answer to an air ball .
and peopl make fun of me for like showgirl .
such a wild uneven hit-and-miss enterpris , you ca n't help suspect that it was improvis on a day-to-day basi dure product .
a weird littl movi that 's amus enough while you watch it , offer fine act moment and pungent insight into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultur .
but it doe n't leav you with much .
i 'm convinc i could keep a famili of five blind , crippl , amish peopl aliv in this situat better than these british soldier do at keep themselv kick .
like mike is a slight and uninvent movi : like the exalt michael jordan refer to in the titl , mani can aspir but none can equal .
there is noth funni in this every-joke-ha - been-told-a - thousand-tim - befor movi .
alway destin to be measur against anthoni asquith 's acclaim 1952 screen adapt .
this is standard crime drama fare ... instant forgett and thorough dull .
there 's some outrag creativ action in the transport ... -lrb- b -rrb- ut by the time frank parachut down onto a move truck , it 's just anoth cartoon with an unstopp superman .
one of those based-on-truth stori that persuad you , with everi scene , that it could never realli have happen this way .
from it nauseat spin credit sequenc to a veri talent but underutil support cast , bartlebi squander as much as it give out .
yet anoth genr exercis , gangster no. 1 is as generic as it titl .
despit the hole in the stori and the somewhat predict plot , moment of the movi caus me to jump in my chair ...
there 's an admir rigor to jimmi 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refus of a happi end , but as those monologu stretch on and on , you realiz there 's no place for this stori to go but down .
onc again , the intellig of gay audienc has been grossli underestim , and a meati plot and well-develop charact have been sacrif for skin and flash that bare fizzl .
a lightweight , uneven action comedi that freeli mingl french , japanes and hollywood cultur .
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifi , lifeless execut .
-lrb- allen 's -rrb- best work understand whi snobberi is a better satir target than middle-america divers could ever be .
this overlong infomerci , due out on video befor month 's end , is tepid and tedious .
an ambiti , guilt-suffus melodrama crippl by poor cast .
rare has sex on screen been so aggress anti-erot .
a dull , inconsist , dishonest femal bond pictur .
so much about the film is loopi and ludicr ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movi way if the labori pace and endless exposit had been tighten .
a disappoint for a movi that should have been the ultim imax trip .
doe littl to elabor the conceit of set this blood-soak tragedi of murder ambit in the era of richard nixon .
this sade is hard a pervers , danger libertin and agit -- which would have made for better drama .
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tatter fineri , and the film seem as deflat as he doe .
the film 's needless opaqu intro take it doe-ey crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 new york and onto a cross-countri road trip of the homer kind .
it 's as if a bore cage spent the durat of the film 's shoot schedul wait to scream : `` got aid yet ? ''
in a strang way , egoyan has done too much .
he 's work too hard on this movi .
the film has the thrown-togeth feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastili written , underrehears , arbitrarili plot and fill with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
the last three narcissist left on earth compet for each other ' affect .
a clash between the artifici structur of the stori and the more contemporari , naturalist tone of the film ...
the movi 's messag are quit admir , but the stori is just too clich and too often strain credul .
what we have here is n't a disast , exact , but a veri handsom produc let-down .
the script was report rewritten a dozen time -- either 11 time too mani or els too few .
a shoddi male hip hop fantasi fill with gun , expens car , lot of nake women and rocawear cloth .
to the filmmak , ivan is a princ of a fellow , but he come across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirit , and there 's no indic that he 's been respons for put togeth ani movi of particular valu or merit .
this is a movi fill with unlik , spite idiot whether or not their friendship is salvag make no differ in the least .
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stop challeng himself .
scotland , pa is entir too straight-fac to transcend it clever concept .
a movi that the less charit might describ as a castrat cross between highland and lolita .
not onli doe leblanc make one spectacular ugly-look broad , but he appear miser throughout as he swagger through his scene .
there 's littl to recommend snow dog , unless one consid clich dialogu and pervers escap a sourc of high hilar .
it 's deep-six by a compuls to catalog everi bodili fluid gag in there 's someth about mari and devis a parallel clone-gag .
the film rehash sever old theme and is cap with pointless extrem -- it 's insan violent and veri graphic .
soror boy , which is as bad at it is cruel , take everi potenti laugh and stiletto-stomp the life out of it .
here the love scene all end in someon scream .
mayb there 's a metaphor here , but figur it out would n't make troubl everi day ani better .
this is the first film i ve ever seen that had no obvious direct involv .
fan of so-bad-they re - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbl mess .
weiss and speck never make a convinc case for the relev of these two 20th-centuri footnot .
sheridan is pain bad , a fourth-rat jim carrey who doe n't understand the differ between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
present noth special and , until the final act , noth overt disagre .
the most excruci 86 minut one might sit through this summer that do not involv a dentist drill .
was that movi noth more than a tepid exercis in trot out a formula that work five year ago but has sinc lost it fizz ?
it goe on for too long and bog down in a surfeit of charact and unnecessari subplot .
it 's absolut amaz how first-tim director kevin donovan manag to find someth new to add to the canon of chan .
make chan 's action sequenc bore .
you ... get a sens of good intent derail by a failur to seek and strike just the right tone .
` in this poor remak of such a well love classic , parker expos the limit of his skill and the basic flaw in his vision . '
it 's the movi equival of a sweati old guy in a rain coat shop for cheap porn .
the film 's final hour , where near all the previous unseen materi resid , is unconvinc soap opera that tornator was right to cut .
the movi doe such an excel job of critiqu itself at everi falter half-step of it develop that critic feel more like commiser .
i found it slow , predict and not veri amus .
director yu seem far more interest in gross-out humor than in show us well-thought stunt or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 time .
viewer will need all the luck they can muster just figur out who 's who in this pretenti mess .
a pint-siz ` goodfella ' design to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a veri good movi in ani object sens , but it doe most hold one 's interest .
get out your pooper-scoop .
while the materi is slight , the movi is better than you might think .
it 's definit not made for kid or their parent , for that matter , and i think even fan of sandler 's comic tast may find it uninterest .
sheridan seem terrifi of the book 's irrever energi , and scotch most of it elan , humor , bile , and ironi .
more busi than excit , more frantic than involv , more chaotic than entertain .
there are more shot of children smile for the camera than typic documentari footag which hurt the overal impact of the film .
it 's make a better travelogu than movi .
it 's as if solondz had two idea for two movi , could n't realli figur out how to flesh either out , so he just slop ` em togeth here .
the fourth in a seri that i ll bet most parent had thought -- hope !
-- was a fad that had long sinc vanish .
it 's a long way from orwel 's dark , intellig warn cri -lrb- 1984 -rrb- to the empti stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what onc was convict is now affect .
it premis is smart , but the execut is pretti weari .
the holiday messag of the 37-minut santa vs. the snowman leav a lot to be desir .
more precious than perspicaci
if you saw it on tv , you 'd probabl turn it off , convinc that you had alreadi seen that movi .
-lrb- t -rrb- he script is n't up to the level of the direct , nor are the uneven perform by the cast member , who seem bound and determin to duplic bela lugosi 's now-clich vampir accent .
if this is cinema , i pledg allegi to cagney and lacey .
enigma look great , has solid act and a neat premis .
yet whi it fail is a riddl wrap in a mysteri insid an enigma .
most of the charact come off as pantomimesqu sterotyp .
start promis but disintegr into a dreari , humorless soap opera .
while there 's like veri littl crossov appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethan -lrb- as well as rank frustrat from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactic -rrb- , much ado about someth is an amic endeavor .
it 's actual too sincer -- the crime movi equival of a chick flick .
most of the film feel conceiv and shot on the fli -- like between lunch break for shearer 's radio show and his simpson voice-ov .
perri 's good and his is an interest charact , but `` serv sara '' has n't much more to serv than silli fluff .
nor is it a romant comedi .
culkin turn his charact into what is basic an anti-harri potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf .
memor for a peculiar malais that render it tension flaccid and , by extens , it surpris limp and it resolut ritual .
it 's a documentari that say that the altern sexual meant to set you free may requir so much relationship mainten that celibaci can start look good .
in the not-too-dist futur , movi like ghost ship will be use as analges balm for overstimul mind .
right now , they re mere signpost mark the slow , linger death of imagin .
the movi 's biggest shock come from see former nymphett juliett lewi play a salt-of-the-earth mommi name minni and watch slim travel incognito in a ridicul wig no respect halloween costum shop would ever tri to sell .
like most movi about the pitfal of bad behavior ... circuit get drawn into the parti .
it appear as if even the filmmak did n't know what kind of movi they were make .
beneath the uncanni , inevit and seem shrewd facad of movie-biz farc ... lie a plot cobbl togeth from larg flat and uncreat moment .
snipe reli too much on a scorch plot dramat scenario for it own good .
piccoli 's perform is amaz , yes , but the symbol of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irrit transpar .
start out mediocr , spiral downward , and thud to the bottom of the pool with an utter incompet conclus .
nicola cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talent friend astray , and this movi wo n't creat a ruffl in what is alreadi an errat career .
it lack the compass , good-natur humor and the level of insight that made -lrb- eyr 's -rrb- first film someth of a sleeper success .
the result is good gossip , entertain deliv , yet with a distinct musti odour , it expiri date long gone .
a sustain fest of self-congratul between actor and director that leav scant place for the viewer .
all analyz that prove is that there is realli onli one movi 's worth of decent gag to be glean from the premis .
green ruin everi singl scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not complet wreak , is serious compromis by that .
there 's not a comed moment in this romant comedi .
the stori is predict , the joke are typic sandler fare , and the romanc with ryder is puzzl .
wallac direct with such patronis rever , it turn the stomach .
resurrect has the dubious distinct of be a realli bad imit of the realli bad blair witch project .
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest email him point-to-point drive direct .
pretend like your sat score are below 120 and you might not notic the flaw .
unlik trey parker , sandler doe n't understand that the idea of exploit molest for laugh is funni , not actual exploit it yourself .
a fake street drama that keep tell you thing instead of show them .
an empti , purposeless exercis .
earnest and tentat even when it aim to shock .
hanek 's script -lrb- from elfried jelinek 's novel -rrb- is contriv , unmotiv , and psycholog unpersuas , with an inconclus end .
a sometim incis and sensit portrait that is undercut by it awkward structur and a final veer toward melodrama .
those 24-and-und look for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generat signpost may have to keep on look .
a distinct mix bag , the occasion burst of sharp write altern with lot of sloppi and the obligatori moment of sentiment ooz .
what begin bright get bog down over 140 minut .
ultim , jane learn her place as a girl , soften up and lose some of the intens that made her an interest charact to begin with .
ah-nuld 's action hero day might be over .
it 's clear whi deuc wild , which was shot two year ago , has been gather dust on mgm 's shelf .
feel like noth quit so much as a middle-ag moviemak 's attempt to surround himself with beauti , half-nak women .
when the precis natur of matthew 's predica final come into sharp focus , the revel fail to justifi the build-up .
this pictur is murder by number , and as easi to be bore by as your abc 's , despit a few whop shootout .
hilari music comedi though stymi by accent thick as mud .
if you are into splatter movi , then you will probabl have a reason good time with the salton sea .
a dull , simple-mind and stereotyp tale of drug , death and mind-numb indiffer on the inner-c street .
the feature-length stretch ... strain the show 's concept .
this slender plot feel especi thin stretch over the near 80-minut run time .
a film that will probabl pleas peopl alreadi fascin by behan but leav everyon els yawn with admir .
davi the perform is plenti fetch enough , but she need to shake up the mix , and work in someth that doe n't feel like a half-bak stand-up routin .
the densest distil of robert ' movi ever made .
ultim , the film never recov from the clumsi clich of the ugli american abroad , and the too-frosti exterior ms. paltrow employ to authent her british persona is anoth liabil .
a handsom but unfulfil suspens drama more suit to a quiet even on pbs than a night out at an amc .
tom green and an ivi leagu colleg should never appear togeth on a marque , especi when the payoff is an unschool comedi like steal harvard , which fail to keep 80 minut from seem like 800 .
-lrb- it -rrb- highlight not so much the crime lord 's messian bent , but spacey 's .
master of disguis run for onli 71 minut and feel like three hour .
a rework of die hard and cliffhang but it 's nowher near as excit as either .
suffer from unlik charact and a self-consci sens of it own quirki hip .
a film without surpris gear toward maximum comfort and familiar .
fessenden continu to do interest work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
but the problem with wendigo , for all it effect moment , is n't realli one of resourc .
spirit is a visual treat , and it take chanc that are bold by studio standard , but it lack a strong narrat .
it star schticki chris rock and stolid anthoni hopkin , who seem bare in the same movi .
their contrast is neither dramat nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzl .
this is a children 's film in the truest sens .
it 's pack with adventur and a worthwhil environment messag , so it 's great for the kid .
parent , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all time , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil
the niftiest trick perpetr by the import of be earnest is the alchem transmogrif of wild into austen -- and a hollywood- austen at that .
tykwer 's surfac flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyric pessim it complet contradict everyth kieslowski 's work aspir to , includ the condit of art .
ice age is the first computer-gener featur cartoon to feel like other movi , and that make for some glacial pace earli on .
too slick and manufactur to claim street credibl .
cherri orchard is bad edit , often awkward direct and suffer from the addit of a wholli unnecessari pre-credit sequenc design to give some of the charact a ` back stori . '
what ensu are much blood-splatt , mass drug-induc bowel evacu , and none-too-funni commentari on the cultur distinct between american and brit .
a dark comedi that goe for sick and dement humor simpli to do so .
the movi is without intent .
visual excit sci-fi film which suffer from a lacklust screenplay .
while hollywood end has it share of belli laugh -lrb- includ a knockout of a close line -rrb- , the movi wind up feel like a great miss opportun .
if the full monti was a freshman fluke , lucki break is -lrb- cattaneo -rrb- sophomor slump .
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predict romant comedi should get a pink slip .
allegi to chekhov , which director michael cacoyanni display with somber earnest in the new adapt of the cherri orchard , is a particular vex handicap .
you expect more from director michael apt -lrb- enigma -rrb- and screenwrit nichola kazan -lrb- revers of fortun -rrb- than this clich pileup .
the first mistak , i suspect , is cast shatner as a legendari professor and kuni as a brilliant colleg student -- where 's pauli shore as the rocket scientist ?
the dramat scene are frequent unintent funni , and the action sequenc -- clear the main event -- are surpris uninvolv .
replac john carpent 's stylish track shot is degrad , handheld blair witch video-cam footag .
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visual unapp .
it has the requisit faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b name and refer .
despit it dri wit and compass , the film suffer from a philosoph empti and madden sedat pace .
... feel as if -lrb- there 's -rrb- a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavet can give it a good , hard yank whenev he want you to feel someth .
attal push too hard to make this a comedi or serious drama .
he seem to want both , but succeed in make neither .
i could have use my two hour better watch be john malkovich again .
it 's not a bad plot but , unfortun , the movi is nowher near as refin as all the classic drama it borrow from .
girlfriend are bad , wive are wors and babi are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedi .
the onli young peopl who possibl will enjoy it are infant ... who might be distract by the movi 's quick movement and sound .
the film boast at least a few good idea and featur some decent perform , but the result is disappoint .
no such thing break no new ground and tread old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
unfortun , neither sendak nor the director are particular engag or articul .
a wishy-washi melodramat movi that show us plenti of sturm und drung , but explain it charact ' decis onli unsatisfactorili .
bang !
zoom !
it 's actual pretti funni , but in all the wrong place .
lurid and less than lucid work .
a wannab comedi of manner about a braini prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founder on it own precious -- and squander it beauti women .
at a brief 42 minut , we need more x and less blab .
if anyth , see it for karen black , who camp up a storm as a fring feminist conspiraci theorist name dirti dick .
this 90-minut dud could pass for mike tyson 's e !
true hollywood stori .
this is sure one of the most frantic , virul and foul-natur christma season pic ever deliv by a hollywood studio .
onc the expect of laughter has been quash by whatev obscen is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funni .
a porn film without the sex scene .
the connect stori of breitbart and hanussen are actual fascin , but the filmmak in invinc is such that the movi doe not do them justic .
a depress retrograd , ` post-feminist ' romant comedi that take an astonish condescend attitud toward women .
return to never land is much more p.c. than the origin version -lrb- no more racist portrait of indian , for instanc -rrb- , but the excit is miss .
by the end , you just do n't care whether that cold-heart snake petrovich -lrb- that would be reno -rrb- get his comeupp .
just bring on the battl bot , pleas !
while it 's all quit tast to look at , the attent process tend to do a littl flee of it own .
broder 's screenplay is shallow , offens and redund , with piti few real laugh .
yes they can swim , the titl is mere anne-sophi birot 's off-hand way of say girl find adolesc difficult to wade through .
don michael paul use quick-cut , -lrb- veri -rrb- larg shadow and wide-angl shot taken from a distanc to hide the liber use of a bodi doubl -lrb- for seagal -rrb- .
slow , silli and unintent hilari .
the sweetest thing leav a bitter tast .
in a big corner offic in hell , satan is throw up his hand in surrend , is fire his r&d peopl , and has decid he will just screen the master of disguis 24\/7 .
for someth as splendid-look as this particular film , the viewer expect someth special but instead get -lrb- sci-fi -rrb- rehash .
a thriller without a lot of thrill .
this stuck pig of a movi flail limpli between bizarr comedi and pallid horror .
ah , the travail of metropolitan life !
ala , anoth breathless movi about same !
in moonlight mile , no one get shut out of the hug cycl .
though uniform well act , especi by young ballesta and galan -lrb- a first-tim actor -rrb- , writer\/director achero mana 's film is schemat and obvious .
done in most by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
despit it visual virtuos , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in it messag and the choic of materi to convey it .
slap her - she 's not funni !
no french peopl were harm dure the make of this movi , but they were insult and the audienc was put through tortur for an hour and a half .
though it rather routin script is load with familiar situat , the movi has a cinemat fluiditi and sens of intellig that make it work more than it probabl should .
`` one look at a girl in tight pant and big tit and you turn stupid ? ''
um ... is n't that the basi for the entir plot ?
`` not realli as bad as you might think ! ''
strident and ineleg in it ` message-movi ' postur .
one regard reign of fire with awe .
what a vast enterpris has been marshal in the servic of such a minut idea .
it has the right approach and the right open premis , but it lack the zest and it goe for a plot twist instead of trust the materi .
it impress imag of crematorium chimney fire and stack of dead bodi are undermin by the movi 's present , which is way too stagi .
see as the film lack momentum and it posit remain most undetermin , the director 's experi is a success one .
the plot is romant comedi boilerpl from start to finish .
i suspect this is the kind of product that would have been funnier if the director had releas the outtak theatric and use the film as a bonus featur on the dvd .
an unfortun titl for a film that has noth endear about it .
nineti minut of viva castro !
can be as tiresom as 9 second of jess helm ' anti- castro rhetor , which are includ
come off as a long , labori whine , the bellyach of a paranoid and unlik man .
it just goe to show , an intellig person is n't necessarili an admir storytel .
in a 102-minut film , aaliyah get at most 20 minut of screen time .
... most viewer will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damn . '' hopeless inan , humorless and under-inspir .
kapur fail to give his audienc a singl charact worth root for -lrb- or worth root against , for that matter -rrb- .
it reduc the complex to bromid and slogan and it get so preachy-keen and so tub-thump loud it make you feel like a chump just for sit through it .
none of this has the suaviti or classic familiar of bond , but much of it is good for a laugh .
the problem with `` xxx '' is that it own action is n't veri effect .
a great script brought down by lousi direct .
same guy with both hat .
big mistak .
a mediocr exercis in target demograph , unawar that it 's the butt of it own joke .
director kevin bray excel in break glass and mark off the `` miami vice '' checklist of power boat , latin music and dog track .
he doe n't , howev , deliv near enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
in gleefulli , thump hyperbol term , it cover just about everi clich in the compendium about crass , jade movi type and the phoni baloney movi biz .
the spald gray equival of a teen gross-out comedi .
perhap even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davi 's wall of kitsch hard go .
accord to wendigo , ` natur ' love the member of the upper class almost as much as they love themselv .
an encourag effort from mccrudden
the romanc between the lead is n't as compel or as believ as it should be .
if i could have look into my futur and saw how bad this movi was , i would go back and choos to skip it .
fortun , you still have that option .
suppos authent account of a histor event that 's far too tragic to merit such superfici treatment .
adroit but final a trifl flat , mad love doe n't galvan it outrag the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possess some .
to bland go where we went 8 movi ago ...
a slow-mov police-procedur thriller that take it titl all too liter .
this u-boat doe n't have a captain .
with nari a glimmer of self-knowledg , -lrb- crane -rrb- becom more specimen than charact -- and auto focus remain a chilli , clinic lab report .
this one aim for the toilet and score a direct hit .
dull , a road-trip movi that 's surpris short of both adventur and song .
i walk away not realli know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' look like .
whi `` they '' were here and what `` they '' want and quit honest , i did n't care .
after sever scene of this tacki nonsens , you ll be wist for the testosterone-charg wizardri of jerri bruckheim product , especi becaus half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .
a relat effect littl potboil until it absurd , contriv , overblown , and entir implaus final .
the countri bear wast an except good idea .
but the movi that doe n't realli deliv for countri music fan or for famili audienc
adult will certain want to spend their time in the theater think up groceri list and way to tell their kid how not to act like pinocchio .
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movi at all .
... you can be forgiven for realiz that you ve spent the past 20 minut look at your watch and wait for frida to just die alreadi .
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situat it all in a plot as musti as one of the golden eagl 's carpet .
it 's lazi for a movi to avoid solv one problem by tri to distract us with the solut to anoth .
the movi is genial but never inspir , and littl about it will stay with you .
the movi obvious seek to re-creat the excit of such 50s flick as jule vern 's ' 20,000 leagu under the sea ' and the georg pal version of h.g. well ' ` the time machin . ' but it storytel prowess and special effect are both listless .
despit the opul lush of everi scene , the charact never seem to match the power of their surround .
even after 90 minut of play opposit each other bullock and grant still look ill at eas share the same scene .
what should have been a painless time-kil becom instead a grate endur test .
a bland , obnoxi 88-minut infomerci for univers studio and it ancillari product . . . littl action , almost no suspens or believ tension , one-dimension charact up the wazoo and set that can onli be describ as sci-fi generic .
the movi strain to stay on the light , comic side of the issu , despit the difficulti of do so when deal with the destruct of properti and , potenti , of life itself .
the master of disguis is aw .
it 's pauli shore aw .
do n't say you were n't warn .
disappoint in comparison to other recent war movi ... or ani other john woo flick for that matter .
the entir movi is fill with deja vu moment .
` open up ' the play more has part close it down .
what -lrb- frei -rrb- give us ... is a man who use the damag of war -- far more often than the warfar itself -- to creat the kind of art shot that fill galleri show .
an ugli , revolt movi .
the film is way too full of itself it 's stuffi and pretenti in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .
the movi is concoct and carri out by folk worthi of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't rememb a singl name respons for it .
watch `` end '' is too often like look over the outdat cloth and plastic knickknack at your neighbor 's garag sale .
you ca n't believ anyon would realli buy this stuff .
certain beauti to look at , but it not veri inform about it titular charact and no more challeng than your averag televis biopic .
it desper want to be a wacki , screwbal comedi , but the most screwi thing here is how so mani talent peopl were convinc to wast their time .
the skill of a calculus major at m.i.t. are requir to balanc all the formula equat in the long-wind heist comedi who is cleti tout ?
from the choppi edit to the annoy score to ` special effect ' by way of replac object in a charact 's hand below the camera line , `` besot '' is misbegotten
my advic is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
a film that present an interest , even sexi premis then ruin itself with too mani contriv and goofi situat .
fill with low-brow humor , gratuit violenc and a disturb disregard for life .
direct in a flashi , empti sub-mus video style by a director so self-possess he actual add a period to his first name
the 70-year-old godard has becom , to judg from in prais of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sit behind his light meter and harangu the suppos injustic of the artist world-at-larg without do all that much to correct them .
an unsophist sci-fi drama that take itself all too serious .
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromis vision , but that vision is begin to feel , if not moral bankrupt , at least terribl monoton .
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminisc without nostalgia or sentiment .
suppos base upon real , or at least sober report incid , the film end with a larg human tragedi .
ala , get there is not even half the interest .
while hoffman 's perform is great , the subject matter goe nowher .
the smash em - up , crash em - up , shoot em - up end come out of nowher substitut mayhem for suspens .
deuc wild tread heavili into romeo and juliet\/west side stori territori , where it plain has no busi go .
hart 's war seem to want to be a charact studi , but appar ca n't quit decid which charact .
theolog matter asid , the movi is so clumsili sentiment and inept direct it may leav you speak in tongu .
this latest instal of the horror film franchis that is appar as invulner as it trademark villain has arriv for an incongru summer playoff , demonstr yet again that the era of the intellig , well-mad b movi is long gone .
novak contempl a heartland so overwhelm by it lack of purpos that it seek excit in manufactur high drama .
been there , done that , like it much better the first time around - when it was call the profession .
the film is all over the place , realli .
it dabbl all around , never gain much momentum .
the beauti , unusu music is this film 's chief draw , but it dreami may lull you to sleep .
the action quick sink into by-the-numb territori .
forag for audienc sympathi like a temperament child beg for attent , give audienc no reason to truli care for it decrepit freak beyond the promis of a repriev from their incess whine .
when -lrb- reno -rrb- let her radic flag fli , take angri potshot at georg w. bush , henri kissing , larri king , et al. , reno devolv into a laugh-fre lectur .
such a premis is ripe for all manner of lunaci , but kaufman and gondri rare seem sure of where it should go .
burn ' fifth beer-soak film feel in almost everi possibl way -- from the write and direct to the soggi perform -- toss off .
while this one get off with a good natur warn , futur lizard endeavor will need to adher more close to the law of laughter
anoth boorish movi from the i-heard-a-jok - at-a-frat-parti school of screenwrit .
too much of the movi feel contriv , as if the filmmak were worri the stori would n't work without all those gimmick .
it 's hard to understand whi anyon in his right mind would even think to make the attract a movi .
and it 's harder still to believ that anyon in his right mind would want to see the it .
the etho of the chelsea hotel may shape hawk 's artist aspir , but he has n't yet coordin his own dv poetri with the beat he hear in his soul .
the sight of the name bruce willi bring to mind imag of a violent battlefield action pictur , but the film has a lot more on it mind -- mayb too much .
whi sit through a crummi , wannabe-hip crime comedi that refer incess to old movi , when you could just rent those movi instead , let alon seek out a respect new one ?
the obnoxi special effect , the obligatori outburst of flatul and the incess , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffi , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .
explor valu choic is a worthwhil topic for a film -- but here the choic are as contriv and artifici as kerrigan 's platinum-blond hair .
the movi 's downfal is to substitut plot for person .
it doe n't realli know or care about the charact , and use them as marker for a seri of preordain event .
all mood and no movi .
press the delet key .
simon is not a bad film .
it just doe n't have anyth realli interest to say .
onc he start learn to compromis with realiti enough to becom compar sane and healthi , the film becom predict convent .
... hope it ll be at the dollar theatr by the time christma roll around .
wait to see it then .
there 's no disguis this as one of the worst film of the summer .
or for the year , for that matter .
lack the spirit of the previous two , and make all those joke about hos and even more unmention subject seem like mere splash around in the muck .
this hastili mount product exist onli to capit on hopkin ' inclin to play hannib lecter again , even though harri has no immedi inclin to provid a fourth book .
death to smoochi tell a moldy-oldi , not-near - as-nasti - as-it - thinks-it-i joke .
over and over again .
the threat impli in the titl pokemon 4ever is terrifi -- like locust in a hord these thing will keep come .
the film never get over it own invest in convent arrang , in term of love , age , gender , race , and class .
to call this film a lump of coal would onli be to flatter it .
entertain more dispos than hanna-barbera 's half-hour cartoon ever were .
the film fall short on tension , eloqu , spiritu challeng -- thing that have made the origin new testament stori so compel for 20 centuri .
by the end of it all i sort of love the peopl onscreen , even though i could not stand them .
perhap the film should be seen as a convers starter .
it 's not an easi one to review .
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
but it would be better to wait for the video .
and a veri raini day .
the whole talking-anim thing is grisli .
never again , while noth special , is pleasant , divert and modest -- definit a step in the right direct .
would n't it be funni if a bunch of alli soldier went undercov as women in a german factori dure world war ii ?
um , no. .
but here 's a movi about it anyway .
has not so much been written as assembl , frankenstein-lik , out of other , margin better shoot-em-up .
the punch line that miss , unfortun , outnumb the hit by three-to-on .
but death to smoochi keep fire until the bitter end .
mush the college-friend genr -lrb- the big chill -rrb- togeth with the contriv and overwrought emot of soap opera .
showtim 's starri cast could be both an asset and a detriment .
those who trek to the ` plex predispos to like it probabl will enjoy themselv .
but ticket-buy with great expect will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
a determin , ennui-hobbl slog that realli doe n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneli can make peopl act weird .
too daft by half ... but suprem good natur .
fail in make this charact understand , in get under her skin , in explor motiv ... well befor the end , the film grow as dull as it charact , about whose fate it is hard to care .
it 's a shame that the storylin and it under theme ... final seem so imperson or even shallow .
woodi , what happen ?
juliett binoch 's sand is vivaci , but it 's hard to sens that powerhous of 19th-centuri prose behind her childlik smile .
it 's suppos to be post-feminist breezi but end up as tedious as the chatter of parrot rais on oprah .
you can tell almost immedi that welcom to collinwood is n't go to jell .
throughout all the tumult , a question come to mind : so whi is this so bore ?
cattaneo rework the formula that made the full monti a smash success ... but neglect to add the magic that made it all work .
routin and rather silli .
a rip-off twice remov , model after -lrb- seagal 's -rrb- earlier copycat under sieg , sometim refer to as die hard on a boat .
total overwrought , deepli bias , and wholli design to make you feel guilti about ignor what the filmmak clear believ are the greatest musician of all time .
you can practic hear georg orwel turn over .
behan 's memoir is great materi for a film -- rowdi , brawni and lyric in the best irish sens -- but sheridan has settl for a lugubri romanc .
while holm is terrif as both men and hjejl quit appeal , the film fail to make the most out of the intrigu premis .
lazi filmmak , with the director take a hands-off approach when he should have shape the stori to show us whi it 's compel .
if it were ani more of a turkey , it would gobbl in dolbi digit stereo .
if noth els , `` rollerbal '' 2002 may go down in cinema histori as the onli movi ever in which the rest of the cast was outshin by ll cool j.
a movi that fall victim to frazzl wacki and fray satir .
how do you make a movi with depth about a man who lack ani ?
on the evid befor us , the answer is clear : not easili and , in the end , not well enough .
the film 's trailer also look like crap , so crap is what i was expect .
more trifl than triumph .
the movi is almost complet lack in suspens , surpris and consist emot convict .
fester in just such a dungpil that you 'd swear you were watch monkey fling their fece at you .
lyne 's latest , the erot thriller unfaith , further demonstr just how far his storytel skill have erod .
it sound like anoth clever if pointless excurs into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it play out .
rumor , a muddl drama about come to term with death , feel imperson , almost generic .
report card : doe n't live up to the exalt taglin - there 's definit room for improv .
doe n't deserv a pass grade -lrb- even on a curv -rrb- .
the pace is dead , the narrat help littl and naipaul , a juici writer , is negat .
as his circl of friend keep get smaller one of the charact in long time dead say ` i 'm tell you , this is f \*\*\* ed ' .
mayb he was read the mind of the audienc .
... if it had been onli half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at nineti minut , it drag .
bean drop the ball too mani time ... hope the nifti premis will creat enough interest to make up for an unfocus screenplay .
a well-act , but one-not film .
blood work is laughabl in the solemn with which it tri to pump life into overwork element from eastwood 's dirti harri period .
the movi is too amateurish squar to make the most of it own iron implic .
-lrb- lee -rrb- treat his audienc the same way that jim brown treat his women -- as dumb , credul , unassum , subordin subject .
and lee seem just as expect of an ador , wide-smil recept .
there 's not one decent perform from the cast and not one clever line of dialogu .
no amount of burn , blast , stab , and shoot can hide a weak script .
it 's an odd show , pregnant with mood , stillborn except as a harsh conceptu exercis .
near all the fundament you take for grant in most film are mishandl here .
the armenian genocid deserv a more engag and honest treatment .
earnest yet curious tepid and choppi recycl in which predict is the onli winner .
ultim this is a frustrat patchwork : an uneasi marriag of loui begley 's sourc novel -lrb- about schmidt -rrb- and an old payn screenplay .
the exploit , clumsili stage violenc overshadow everyth , includ most of the actor .
we start to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just type ` chris rock , ' ` anthoni hopkin ' and ` terrorist ' into some univac-lik script machin .
even when crush depart from the 4w formula ... it feel like a glossi rehash .
more like to have you scratch your head than hide under your seat .
bear is even wors than i imagin a movi ever could be .
when you find yourself root for the monster in a horror movi , you know the pictur is in troubl .
this is veri much of a mix bag , with enough negat to outweigh the posit .
marin in clich and mawkish dialogu .
whether it 's the worst movi of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memori of rollerbal have fade , and i skip countri bear .
but this new jangl of nois , mayhem and stupid must be a serious contend for the titl .
-lrb- a -rrb- bold stroke , lurid colour , uni-dimension nonsens machin that stroke the eyebal while it evapor like so much crypt mist in the brain .
not onc in the rush to save the day did i becom veri involv in the proceed to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '
rollerbal is as bad as you think , and wors than you can imagin .
the first question to ask about bad compani is whi anthoni hopkin is in it .
we assum he had a bad run in the market or a cost divorc , becaus there is no earth reason other than money whi this distinguish actor would stoop so low .
not exagger enough to be a parodi of gross-out flick , colleg flick , or even flick in general .
it mere indulg in the worst element of all of them .
shame on writer\/director vicent aranda for make a florid biopic about mad queen , obsess relationship , and rampant adulteri so dull .
suffer from a decid lack of creativ storytel .
violent , vulgar and forgett entertain .
noth happen , and it happen to flat charact .
with a complet predict plot , you ll swear that you ve seen it all befor , even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
rememb back when thriller actual thrill ?
when the twist end were actual surpris ?
when the violenc actual shock ?
when the hero were actual under 40 ?
sad , as blood work prove , that was a long , long time ago .
blue crush has all the trap of an energet , extreme-sport adventur , but end up more of a creaki `` pretti woman '' retread , with the emphasi on self-empow schmaltz and big-wav surf that give pic it titl an afterthought .
this movi play like an extend dialogu exercis in retard 101 .
what we get in feardotcom is more like someth from a bad clive barker movi .
in other word , it 's badder than bad .
if they broke out into elabor choreographi , sing and finger snap it might have held my attent , but as it stand i kept look for the last exit from brooklyn .
a sloppi slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bil fare like the ghost and mr. chicken .
a small independ film suffer from a sever case of hollywood- .
where the film falter is in it tone .
the stori alon could forc you to scratch a hole in your head .
ultim , sarah 's dedic to find her husband seem more psychot than romant , and noth in the movi make a convinc case that one woman 's broken heart outweigh all the loss we wit .
it 's suppos to be a humor , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of mad -- and strength -- but it never quit add up .
feel more like a reject x-file episod than a credibl account of a puzzl real-lif happen .
some motion pictur portray ultim passion other creat ultim thrill .
men in black ii achiev ultim insignific -- it 's the sci-fi comedi spectacl as whiffle-bal epic .
an enigmat film that 's too clever for it own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solv .
a zombi movi in everi sens of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meander , loud , pain , obnoxi .
a film that clear mean to preach exclus to the convert .
it doe n't take a rocket scientist to figur out that this is a mormon famili movi , and a sappi , preachi one at that .
definit a crowd-pleas , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
certain not a good movi , but it was n't horribl either .
although it start off so bad that you feel like run out scream , it eventu work it way up to mere bad rather than pain aw .
the result is so tame that even slight wised-up kid would quick chang the channel .
it appear to have been model on the worst revenge-of-the-nerd clich the filmmak could dredg up .
noth but an episod of smackdown !
in period costum and with a bigger budget .
it take you somewher you re not like to have seen befor , but beneath the exot surfac -lrb- and exot danc -rrb- it 's surpris old-fashion .
while the stori is better-focus than the incomprehens ann rice novel it 's base upon , queen of the damn is a pointless , meander celebr of the goth-vampir , tortur woe-is-m lifestyl .
it should be interest , it should be poignant , it turn out to be affect and bore .
a good-look but ultim pointless polit thriller with plenti of action and almost no substanc .
a tire , predict , border on offens , wast of time , money and celluloid .
if hill is n't quit his generat 's don siegel -lrb- or robert aldrich -rrb- , it 's becaus there 's no discern feel beneath the chest hair it 's all bluster and clich .
steal harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minut of your time , and offer you precis this in recompens : a few earli laugh scatter around a plot as thin as it is repetiti .
this is an insult inept and artifici examin of grief and it impact upon the relationship of the survivor .
doe anyon much think the central stori of brendan behan is that he was a bisexu sweetheart befor he took to drink ?
` martin lawrenc live ' is so self-piti , i almost expect there to be a collect taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
the dialogu is cumbersom , the simper soundtrack and edit more so .
never decid whether it want to be a black comedi , drama , melodrama or some combin of the three .
it has becom appar that the franchis 's best year are long past .
doe what should seem imposs : it make serial killer jeffrey dahmer bore .
do n't hate el crimen del padr amaro becaus it 's anti-cathol .
hate it becaus it 's lousi .
... better describ as a ghost stori gone bad awri .
like a bad improvis exercis , the superfici written charact rambl on tedious about their live , love and the art they re struggl to creat .
the filmmak are play to the big boy in new york and l.a. to that end , they mock the kind of folk they do n't understand , one they figur the power-lunch do n't care to understand , either .
compet direct but termin cute drama .
the big finish is a bit like get all excit about a chocol eclair and then bite into it and find the fill miss .
not just unlik .
disturb .
disgust .
without ani redeem valu whatsoev .
this thing is virtual unwatch .
those etern devot to the insan of black will have an intermitt good time .
feel free to go get popcorn whenev he 's not onscreen .
the self-seri equilibrium make it point too well a movi , like life , is n't much fun without the high and low .
the work of an exhaust , desicc talent who ca n't get out of his own way .
the main charact are simpli name the husband , the wife and the kidnapp , emphas the disappoint generic natur of the entir effort .
in term of execut this movi is careless and unfocus .
swim in mediocr , stick it head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
the onli type of live this glossi comedy-drama resembl are one in formula mainstream movi .
the charact ... are paper-thin , and their person undergo radic chang when it suit the script .
a sha-na-na sketch punctuat with graphic violenc .
the troubl is , it filmmak run out of clever idea and visual gag about halfway through .
spy-v .
- spi action flick with antonio bandera and luci liu never come togeth .
a so-so , made-for-tv someth pose as a real movi .
the onli upsid to all of this unpleas is , given it labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minim number of hit .
whether this is art imit life or life imit art , it 's an unhappi situat all around .
an uneasi mix of run-of-the-mil raunchi humor and seem sincer person reflect .
a formula famili tearjerk told with a heavi irish brogu ... accentu , rather than mute , the plot 's saccharin thrust .
this is sandler run on empti , repeat what he 's alreadi done way too often .
this is as lax and limp a comedi as i ve seen in a while , a meander through worn-out materi .
time liter stop on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstopp , '' but that doe n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minut of your movie-go life .
the sort of pictur in which , whenev one of the charact has some serious soul search to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach dure sunset .
apt name , this shimmer , beauti costum and film product doe n't work for me .
a preposter melodramat paean to gang-memb teen in brooklyn circa 1958 .
has none of the crackl of `` fatal attract '' , `` 9 1\/2 week '' , or even `` indec propos '' , and feel more like lyne 's stolid remak of `` lolita '' .
everyth it titl impli , a standard-issu crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembl line .
an extraordinarili silli thriller .
a rehash of everi gangster movi from the past decad .
gape plot hole sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audienc enthusiasm to crush depth .
talki is n't necessarili bad , but the dialogu frequent miss the mark .
the beauti imag and solemn word can not disguis the slack complac of -lrb- godard 's -rrb- vision , ani more than the gorgeous piano and string on the soundtrack can drown out the tinni self-right of his voic .
the stunt work is top-notch the dialogu and drama often food-spit funni .
the movi is n't pain bad , someth to be ` fulli experienc ' it 's just tedious bad , someth to be fulli forgotten .
char come off as emot manipul and sad imit of innumer past love stori deris .
what a great shame that such a talent director as chen kaig has chosen to make his english-languag debut with a film so poor plot and script .
no amount of good intent is abl to overcom the trivial of the stori .
the film ... present classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to surviv ?
the problem with the film is whether these ambit , laudabl in themselv , justifi a theatric simul of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .
... for all it social and polit potenti , state properti doe n't end up be veri inspir or insight .
a film realli has to be except to justifi a three hour run time , and this is n't .
littl more than a stylish exercis in revision whose point ... is no doubt true , but serv as a rather thin moral to such a know fabl .
the nonstop artific ultim prove tiresom , with the surfac histrion fail to compens for the paper-thin character and facil situat .
this is a monument achiev in practic everi facet of inept filmmak : joyless , idiot , annoy , heavy-hand , visual atroci , and often downright creepi .
this off-put french romant comedi is sure to test sever the indulg of fan of ameli .
overburden with complic plot and banal dialogu
ensembl movi , like soap opera , depend on empathi .
if there ai n't none , you have a problem .
the master of disguis fall under the categori of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
yet anoth self-consci overwritten stori about a rag-tag bunch of would-b charact that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- onli to have it all go wrong .
koepp 's screenplay is n't near surpris or clever enough to sustain a reason degre of suspens on it own .
is it realli an advantag to invest such subtleti and warmth in an animatron bear when the human are act like puppet ?
more success at relat histori than in creat an emot complex , dramat satisfi heroin
clumsi , obvious , preposter , the movi will like set the caus of woman warrior back decad .
it 's hard to piti the ` plain ' girl who becom a ravish waif after appli a smear of lip-gloss .
rather , piti anyon who see this mishmash .
a banal , virul unpleas excus for a romant comedi .
the drama disclos almost noth .
a minor-leagu soccer remak of the longest yard .
belong in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video\/dvd categori , and this is whi i have given it a one-star rate .
as earnest as a community-colleg advertis , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and appli to medic school .
a dim-wit and lazi spin-off of the anim planet documentari seri , crocodil hunter is entertain opportun at it most glare .
there is more than one joke about put the toilet seat down .
and that should tell you everyth you need to know about all the queen 's men .
even fan of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sit through this one .
it 's realli just anoth silli hollywood action film , one among a multitud of simple-mind , yahoo- death show .
it 's not a particular good film , but neither is it a monster one .
the world need more filmmak with passion enthusiasm like martin scorses .
but it doe n't need gang of new york .
enchant with low-lif tragedi and liber season with emot outburst ... what is sore miss , howev , is the edg of wild , lunat invent that we associ with cage 's best act .
harri potter and the chamber of secret is deja vu all over again , and while that is a clich , noth could be more appropri .
it 's like that whatev you thought of the first product -- pro or con -- you ll like think of this one .
sade achiev the near-imposs : it turn the marqui de sade into a dullard .
-lrb- lin chung 's -rrb- voic is rather unexcept , even irrit -lrb- at least to this western ear -rrb- , make it aw hard to buy the impetus for the complic love triangl that develop between the three central charact .
one of the most plain , unimagin romant comedi i ve ever seen .
though there 's a clariti of purpos and even-handed to the film 's direct , the drama feel rig and sluggish .
unfortun , the experi of actual watch the movi is less compel than the circumst of it make .
unless there are zone ordin to protect your communiti from the dullest scienc fiction , impostor is open today at a theater near you .
it should be do a lot of thing , but doe n't .
chen film the resolut downbeat smoker onli with everi indulg , indi trick in the book .
... a rather bland affair .
far-fetch premis , convolut plot , and themat mumbo jumbo about destini and redempt love .
the movi tri to be ether , but end up seem goofi .
i was hope that it would be sleazi and fun , but it was neither .
harri is suppos to be the star of the stori , but come across as pretti dull and wooden .
soulless and -- even more damn -- virtual joyless , xxx achiev near virtuos in it crapul .
a bore masquerad ball where normal good actor , even kingsley , are made to look bad .
all the queen 's men is a throwback war movi that fail on so mani level , it should pay repar to viewer .
the filmmak keep push the joke at the expens of charact until thing fall apart .
rather than real figur , ell and kjell bjarn becom symbol charact whose action are suppos to relat someth about the naif 's encount with the world .
mariah carey give us anoth peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirl .
it 's all arti and jazzi and peopl sit and stare and turn away from one anoth instead of talk and it 's all about the silenc and if you re into that , have at it .
i suspect that you ll be as bore watch morvern callar as the charact are in it .
if you go , pack your knit needl .
the lead actor share no chemistri or engag charisma .
we do n't even like their charact .
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was suppos to have like written the screenplay or someth , but , dude , the onli thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zero on my paycheck .
the movi doe n't generat a lot of energi .
it is dark , brood and slow , and take it central idea way too serious .
this featur is about as necessari as a hole in the head
spectat will inde sit open-mouth befor the screen , not scream but yawn .
it feel like veri light errol morri , focus on eccentr but fail , ultim , to make someth bigger out of it scrapbook of oddbal .
a period stori about a cathol boy who tri to help a jewish friend get into heaven by send the audienc straight to hell .
the premis itself is just sooooo tire .
pair that with realli poor comed write ... and you ve got a huge mess .
prove a love trifl that , unfortun , is a littl too in love with it own cute .
did we realli need a remak of `` charad ? ''
some movi can get by without be funni simpli by structur the scene as if they were joke : a setup , deliveri and payoff .
steal harvard ca n't even do that much .
each scene immedi succumb to graviti and plummet to earth .
the onli fun part of the movi is play the obvious game .
you tri to guess the order in which the kid in the hous will be gore .
i spi with my littl eye ... a mediocr collect of cookie-cutt action scene and occasion inspir dialogu bit
entertain not so much becaus of it music or comic antic , but through the pervers pleasur of watch disney scrape the bottom of it own cracker barrel .
the satir is just too easi to be genuin satisfi .
less funni than it should be and less funni than it think it is .
an `` o bruin , where art thou ? ''
- style cross-countri adventur ... it has sporad burst of liveli , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleas song on it soundtrack .
a feebl tootsi knockoff .
an aw movi that will onli satisfi the most emot malleabl of filmgoer .
... the stori is far-flung , illog , and plain stupid .
the veri simpl stori seem too simpl and the work out of the plot almost arbitrari .
an allegori concern the chronic mix signal african american profession get about overachiev could be intrigu , but the supernatur trap onli obscur the messag .
a veri familiar tale , one that 's been told by countless filmmak about italian - , chines - , irish - , latin - , indian - , russian - and other hyphen american young men struggl to balanc conflict cultur messag .
one key problem with these ardent christian storylin is that there is never ani question of how thing will turn out .
essenti , the film is weak on detail and strong on person
a relentless , bombast and ultim empti world war ii action flick .
-lrb- hell is -rrb- look down at your watch and realiz serv sara is n't even halfway through .
too long , and lard with exposit , this somber cop drama ultim feel as flat as the scruffi sand of it titular communiti .
leav viewer out in the cold and undermin some phenomen perform .
... a ho-hum affair , alway watchabl yet hard memor .
swift deterior into a terribl obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vaniti project for lead actress andi macdowel .
the histrion muse still elud madonna and , play a charmless witch , she is mere a charmless witch .
you have no affin for most of the charact .
noth about them is attract .
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
diaz , appleg , blair and posey are suitabl kooki which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amus .
a technic well-mad suspens ... but it abrupt drop in iq point as it race to the finish line prove simpli too discourag to let slide .
an inept , tedious spoof of 70s kung fu pictur , it contain almost enough chuckl for a three-minut sketch , and no more .
it 's a mysteri how the movi could be releas in this condit .
absolut -lrb- and unintent -rrb- terrifi .
eckstraordinarili lame and sever bore .
eight leg freak fall flat as a spoof .
no matter how much he run around and act like a doofus , accept a 50-year-old in the role is creepi in a michael jackson sort of way .
you ll just have your head in your hand wonder whi lee 's charact did n't just go to a bank manag and save everyon the miseri .
` dragonfli ' dwell on crossing-ov mumbo jumbo , manipul sentiment , and sappi dialogu .
in his determin to lighten the heavi subject matter , silberl also , to a certain extent , trivial the movi with too mani nervous gag and pratfal .
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismat star , but it suffer from rampant vampir devalu .
veer uncomfort close to pro-serb propaganda .
movi like high crime flog the dead hors of surpris as if it were an oblig .
how about surpris us by tri someth new ?
final verdict : you ve seen it all befor .
throw in everyth except someon pull the pin from a grenad with his teeth , windtalk seem to have ransack everi old world war ii movi for over familiar materi .
if a few good men told us that we `` ca n't handl the truth '' than high crime poetic state at one point in this movi that we `` do n't care about the truth . '' further sad evid that tom tykwer , director of the reson and sense-spin run lola run , has turn out to be a one-trick poni -- a maker of softhead metaphys claptrap .
you ll trudg out of the theater feel as though you rode the zipper after eat a corn dog and an extra-larg cotton candi .
the movi is a littl tire mayb the origin inspir has run it cours .
this will go on so long as there are moviego anxious to see strang young guy do strang guy thing .
a full-front attack on audienc patienc .
ani intellectu argument be made about the natur of god are frame in a drama so clumsi , there is a real danger less sophist audienc will mistak it for an endors of the veri thing that bean abhor .
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shrivel .
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is sappi and amateurish .
one get the impress the creator of do n't ask do n't tell laugh a hell of a lot at their own joke .
too bad none of it is funni .
the cast has a high time , but de broca has littl enthusiasm for such antiqu pulp .
the film , like jimmi 's routin , could use a few good laugh .
the film has too mani spot where it 's on slipperi foot , but is accept entertain for the entir famili and one that 's especi fit for the kiddi .
purport to be a hollywood satir but wind up as the kind of film that should be the target of someth deeper and more engag .
oh , and more entertain , too .
... in the pile of useless action from mtv schmuck who do n't know how to tell a stori for more than four minut .
though it was made with care attent to detail and is well-act by jame spader and maggi gyllenha , i felt disrespect .
humor in i spi is so anem .
the film is strict routin .
skill as he is , mr. shyamalan is undon by his pretens .
while the new film is much more eye-catch than it blood-drench stephen norrington-direct predecessor , the new script by the return david s. goyer is much sillier .
in addit to sport one of the worst titl in recent cinemat histori , ballist : eck vs. sever also featur terribl , banal dialogu conveni , hole-ridden plot superfici charact and a rather dull , unimagin car chase .
it share the first two film ' loose-joint structur , but laugh-out-loud bit are few and far between .
the santa claus 2 is a bare adequ babysitt for older kid , but i ve got to give it thumb down .
you can not guess whi the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negat and the script and pretend the whole thing never exist .
barney throw away the goodwil the first half of his movi generat by orchestr a final that is impenetr and dull .
if you re realli rent this you re not interest in discret in your entertain choic , you re interest in ann gedd , john grisham , and thoma kincaid .
we get the comedi we settl for .
the uneven movi doe have it charm and it funni moment but not quit enough of them .
two hour of sepia-tint heavi metal imag and surround sound effect of peopl moan .
a word of advic to the maker of the singl ward : celebr cameo do not automat equal laugh .
and neither do clich , no matter how ` insid ' they are .
the campi result make mel brook ' borscht belt schtick look sophist .
it appeal will probabl limit to lds church member and undemand armchair tourist .
the hanukkah spirit seem fri in pork .
cherish would ve work a lot better had it been a short film .
manipul claptrap , a period-piec movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
all three descript suit evelyn , a besot and obvious drama that tell us noth new .
hey arnold !
is now stretch to bare featur length , with a littl more attent paid to the anim .
still , the updat dickensian sensibl of writer craig bartlett 's stori is appeal .
true to it titl , it trap audienc in a seri of relentless nasti situat that we would pay a consider ransom not to be look at .
doe n't come close to justifi the hype that surround it debut at the sundanc film festiv two year ago .
the plot is paper-thin and the charact are n't interest enough to watch them go about their daili activ for two whole hour .
kaufman 's script is never especi clever and often is rather pretenti .
the film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarket this one will due .
queen of the damn is too long with too littl go on .
it collaps when mr. taylor tri to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
ani film that doe n't even in pass mention polit prison , poverti and the boat load of peopl who tri to escap the countri is less a documentari and more propaganda by way of a valentin seal with a kiss .
... blade ii is still top-heavi with blaze gun , cheat film martial art , disintegr bloodsuck comput effect and jag camera move that serv no other purpos than to call attent to themselv .
the rule of attract get us too drunk on the parti favor to sober us up with the transpar attempt at moral .
though there are mani tens scene in trap , they prove more distress than suspens .
in this film we at least see a studi in contrast the wide rang of one actor , and the limit rang of a comedian .
feel strang hollow at it emot core .
you have onc again enter the bizarr realm where director adrian lyne hold sway , where all relationship are simultan broad metaphor , odd abstract , and excruci liter .
the high-concept scenario soon prove preposter , the act is robot italic , and truth-in-advertis hound take note : there 's veri littl hustl on view .
this director 's cut -- which add 51 minut -- take a great film and turn it into a mundan soap opera .
characteris has been sacrif for the sake of spectacl .
the venezuelan say thing like `` si , pretti much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talk to american .
that 's muy loco , but no more ridicul than most of the rest of `` dragonfli . ''
it 's a movi that end with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
if that doe n't clue you in that someth 's horribl wrong , noth will .
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glum mishandl the stori 's promis premis of a physician who need to heal himself .
it 's difficult to imagin that a more confus , less interest and more sloppili made film could possibl come down the road in 2002 .
like the tuck famili themselv , this movi just goe on and on and on and on as pedestrian as they come .
a film that play thing so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movi of the week blown up for the big screen .
it 's a feel-bad end for a depress stori that throw a bunch of hot-button item in the viewer 's face and ask to be seen as hip , wink social commentari .
put it somewher between sling blade and south of heaven , west of hell in the pantheon of billi bob 's bodi of work .
more intellectu scari than dramat involv .
an inconsequenti , bare there bit of piffl .
the abid impress , despit the mild hallucinogen buzz , is of overwhelm wast -- the acr of haut coutur ca n't quit conceal that there 's noth resembl a spine here .
as saccharin as it is dispos .
you come away think not onli that kate is n't veri bright , but that she has n't been worth care about and that mayb she , janin and molli -- an all-woman dysfunct famili -- deserv one anoth .
the metaphor are provoc , but too often , the viewer is left puzzl by the mechan of the deliveri .
veri much a home video , and so devoid of artific and purpos that it appear not to have been edit at all .
too much power , not enough puff .
the attempt to build up a pressur cooker of horrifi awe emerg from the simpl fact that the movi has virtual noth to show .
it 's provoc stuff , but the specul effort is hamper by taylor 's cartoonish perform and the film 's ill-consid notion that hitler 's destini was shape by the most random of chanc .
a cellophane-pop remak of the punk classic ladi and gentlemen , the fabul stain ... crossroad is never much wors than bland or better than inconsequenti .
muddl , trashi and incompet
for this sort of thing to work , we need agil perform , but the profici , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his leagu .
narc is all menac and atmospher .
though excess tiresom , the uncertainti principl , as verbal pretenti as the titl may be , has it hand of redeem featur , as long as you discount it abil to bore .
despit juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohes to pamela 's emot roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substanc it so desper need .
it 's tough to be startl when you re almost doze .
his -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- screenplay need some serious re-work to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his charact stage shout match about it .
it 's so downbeat and near humorless that it becom a chore to sit through -- despit some first-rat perform by it lead .
a terribl movi that some peopl will nevertheless find move .
there are mani definit of ` time waster ' but this movi must sure be one of them .
as it stand , crocodil hunter has the hurri , bad cobbl look of the 1959 godzilla , which combin scene of a japanes monster flick with can shot of raymond burr comment on the monster 's path of destruct .
the thing look like a made-for-home-video quicki .
enigma is well-mad , but it 's just too dri and too placid .
`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
one of the best , most underst perform of -lrb- jack nicholson 's -rrb- career .
the danger live of altar boy ' take on adolesc feel pain true .
it 's a masterpiec .
it may not be `` last tango in pari '' but ...
they crush each other under car , throw each other out window , electrocut and dismemb their victim in full conscious .
and we do n't avert our eye for a moment .
charm and funni -lrb- but ultim silli -rrb- movi .
third time 's the charm ... yeah , babi !
a pleasant , if forgett , romp of a film .
by the end of the movi , you re definit convinc that these women are spectacular .
birot creat a drama with such a well-defin sens of place and age -- as in , 15 year old -- that the torment and angst becom almost as operat to us as they are to her charact .
` stock up on silver bullet for director neil marshal 's intens freight train of a film . '
the film deliv what it promis : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensu when brash young men set out to conquer the onlin world with laptop , cell phone and sketchi busi plan .
as a film director , labut continu to improv .
will warm your heart without make you feel guilti about it .
catch it ... if you can !
wors than ` silenc of the lamb ' better than ` hannib ' american and european cinema has amass a vast holocaust literatur , but it is imposs to think of ani film more challeng or depress than the grey zone .
` possess , ' base on the book by a.s. byatt , demand that labut deal with the subject of love head-on trade in his cynic for rever and a littl wit
it 's the kind of movi that , asid from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brother and a few other , our moviemak do n't make often enough .
altern between deadpan comedi and heartbreak loneli and is n't afraid to provok introspect in both it charact and it audienc .
the script is smart , not cloy .
visual , ` santa claus 2 ' is wondrous creativ .
a bittersweet contemporari comedi about benevol decept , which , while it may not rival the filmmak 's period piec , is still veri much worth see .
one fantast -lrb- and educ -rrb- documentari .
an ambiti ` what if ? '
that work .
`` the danger live of altar boy '' has flaw , but it also has humor and heart and veri talent young actor
nice piec of work .
` stock up on silver bullet for director neil marshal 's intens freight train of a film . '
it 's funni , as the old say goe , becaus it 's true .
though the film is static , it writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democraci and civic action laudabl .
the filmmak 's heart is in the right place ...
from blush to gush -- imamura squirt the screen in ` warm water under a red bridg '
apart from anyth els , this is one of the best-sustain idea i have ever seen on the screen .
not a schlocki creatur featur but someth far more stylish and cerebr -- and , henc , more chill effect .
stupid , infantil , redund , sloppi , over-the-top , and amateurish .
yep , it 's `` wake up in reno . ''
go back to sleep .
i did n't laugh .
i did n't smile .
i surviv .
the worst film of the year .
in the book-on-tap market , the film of `` the kid stay in the pictur '' would be an abridg edit
a sour attempt at make a farrelli brothers-styl , down-and-dirti laugher for the femal set .
eisenstein lack consider brio for a film about one of cinema 's directori giant .
taken as a whole , the tuxedo doe n't add up to a whole lot .
this is no `` waterboy ! ''
someth has been lost in the translat ... anoth routin hollywood frightfest in which the slack execut italic the absurd of the premis .
the result is an ` action film ' mire in stasi .
... a movi that , quit simpli , should n't have been made .
by turn pretenti , fascin , ludicr , provoc and vainglori .
i ca n't recommend it .
but it 's surpris harmless .
what 's next ?
the porki 's reveng : ultim edit ?
the script is a dim-wit pair of teen-speak and anim gibberish .
there 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .
is `` ballist '' worth the price of admiss ?
absolut not .
it suck .
would i see it again ?
pleas see previous answer .
it 's exact what you 'd expect .
`` the kid stay in the pictur '' is a great stori , terrif told by the man who wrote it but this cliff note edit is a cheat .
a prison comedi that never realli bust out of it comfi littl cell .
the movi is obvious a labour of love so howard appear to have had free rein to be as pretenti as he want .
this is n't a movi it 's a symptom .
what we have is a charact face with the possibl that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substanc , in a movi that is definit meaningless , vapid and devoid of substanc .
if onli it were , well , funnier .
the script ?
pleas .
doe n't add up to much .
one of the worst movi of the year .
a complet wast of time .
long befor it 's over , you ll be think of 51 way to leav this loser .
one of the worst movi of the year .
... watch it was pain .
the cinemat equival of patron a bar favor by pretenti , untal artist who enjoy moan about their cruel fate .
spiderman rock
a compel coming-of-ag drama about the arduous journey of a sensit young girl through a seri of foster home and a fierc struggl to pull free from her danger and domin mother 's hold over her .
an imagin comedy\/thril .
thorough enjoy .
-lrb- a -rrb- rare , beauti film .
famili fare .
boister , heartfelt comedi .
-lrb- an -rrb- hilari romant comedi .
an exhilar experi .
never -lrb- sink -rrb- into exploit .
compel watchabl .
troubl and power .
often hilari .
a modest masterpiec .
never onc predict .
an uplift , near-masterpiec .
warm and exot .
... a true delight .
a true pleasur .
polish , well-structur film .
sexi and romant .
psycholog savvi .
delight render
fun and nimbl .
funni and touch .
serious and thought .
it strike hardest ... when it remind you how pertin it dynam remain .
fifti year after the fact , the world 's polit situat seem littl differ , and -lrb- director phillip -rrb- noyc bring out the allegori with remark skill .
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiec .
lightweight but appeal .
high engag .
feral and uncomfort .
a grip drama .
beauti produc .
smart and taut .
high watchabl stuff .
psycholog reveal .
a fast pace and suspens argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
... wise and elegiac ... spare yet audaci ...
surpris insight
an intox experi .
reassur , retro uplift .
visual captiv .
lavish , exhilar tasteless .
touch !
an impress hybrid .
a tasti masala .
refresh .
featherweight romant comedi has a few nice twist in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
poignant and funni .
see it .
debat it .
rememb it .
morvern rock .
intellig and move .
genuin unnerv .
a compel film .
delici slow .
a rivet documentari .
an enjoy experi .
a good thriller .
a glorious mess .
neat construct thriller .
intim and panoram .
excit documentari .
good , solid storytel .
infidel drama is nice shot , well-edit and featur a standout perform by dian lane .
audacious-imposs yet compel ...
a mute freak-out
move and vibrant .
... quit endear .
harmless fun .
good-natur cornbal sequel .
odd compel .
witless but watchabl .
mr. deed is sure to give you a lot of laugh in this simpl , sweet and romant comedi .
hard to resist .
a true-blu delight .
a fun ride .
weird .
reward .
sleek and arti .
fantast !
a thought-provok pictur .
a stylish thriller .
almost peerless unsettl .
deliri fun .
excit and well-pac .
realli quit funni .
a well-execut spy-thril .
idiot and ugli .
a funni film .
-lrb- a -rrb- satisfi niblet .
poetic , heartbreak .
formuliac , but fun .
feel untidili honest .
`` red dragon '' never cut corner .
full of surpris .
quiet engag .
dens , exhilar documentari .
a joyous occas
-lrb- an -rrb- absorb documentari .
a genuin mind-bend .
great charact interact .
intrigu and stylish .
mani insight moment .
everyth is off .
earnest but heavy-hand .
one lousi movi .
... hypnot dull .
calcul swill .
thorough aw .
truli terribl .
fluffi and dispos .
by-the-numb yarn .
aan opportun wast .
storytel feel slight .
bad compani .
bad movi .
just plain bad .
-lrb- a -rrb- soulless , stupid sequel ...
a high-mind snoozer .
execr .
amaz dopey .
banal and predict .
crikey inde .
brisk hack job .
... the maudlin way it stori unfold suggest a director fight against the urg to sensation his materi .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
obvious .
it one-sided ... flirt with propaganda .
... a pretenti mess ... -lrb- a -rrb- rather thinly-conceiv movi .
so-so entertain .
punit affirm parabl .
decent but dull .
thin period piec .
-lrb- a -rrb- stupor solemn film .
well-meant but unorigin .
odd and weird .
cinemat poo .
... stale and uninspir .
a dreari movi .
pompous and garbl .
utter mush ... conceit pap .
well-mean but inert .
... over melodramat ... extrem bad .
shrewd but pointless .
sluggish , tonal uneven .
generic thriller junk .
teen onli .
a non-mysteri mysteri .
what an embarrass .
a nobl failur .
woefulli pretenti .
... irrit soul-search garbag .
a relat letdown .
warmed-ov hash .
a puzzl experi .
stale , futil scenario .
aggrav and tedious .
lack depth .
under-rehears and lifeless
laughabl , irredeem aw .
unwieldi contrapt .
overwrought , melodramat bodice-ripp .
an aw snooz .
just plain silli .
feebl comedi .
... salaci simplist .
shallow .
a less-than-thril thriller .
disjoint parodi .
... silli humbuggeri ... eh .
black-and-whit and unrealist .
two-bit potboil .
-lrb- u -rrb- nrelent stupid .
pain pad .
anem , pretenti .
grate and tedious .
it bite hard .
-lrb- a -rrb- mess .
dramat lacklust .
stay away .
far away .
... a pretenti mess ... predict soulless techno-trip .
arti gay film .
incoher reign .
a half-ass film .
abysm pathet
... unbear lame .
bland but harmless .
dens and enigmat ... elus ... stagi and stilt
-lrb- l -rrb- ame and unnecessari .
a dreari indulg .
-lrb- a -rrb- crush disappoint .
tend to plod .
a major wast ... generic .
... a confus drudgeri .
a well-craft letdown .
bore and meander .
less than fresh .
a lame comedi .
a reality-snub hodgepodg .
mild amus .
fair run-of-the-mil .
mild entertain .
terribl .
degener into hogwash .
meander and confus .
crummi .
an opportun miss .
wishy-washi .
inconsequenti road-and-buddi pic .
insuffer naiv .
ill-consid , unholi hokum .
amaz lame .
-lrb- a -rrb- slummer .
-lrb- a -rrb- poor execut comedi .
... realli horribl drek .
an intrigu near-miss .
flat , misguid comedi .
predict melodramat .
rashomon-for-dipstick tale .
bearabl .
bare .
stagger dread romanc .
well-mad but mush-heart .
a real snooz .
no surpris .
we ve seen the hippie-turned-yuppi plot befor , but there 's an enthusiast charm in fire that make the formula fresh again .
her fan walk out mutter word like `` horribl '' and `` terribl , '' but had so much fun diss the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
in this case zero .
